[Felly]
I got army guns, I got army guns...

Hook:
I feel like Muhammad Ali when I pull up to the scene, dodging all these freaks cause my squad is all I need
I wanna swang like Willie B, how I'm swinging from these trees, pull off in a jeep said I'll see you in a week
I feel like Muhammad Ali when I pull up to the scene, dodging all these freaks cause my squad is all I need
I'm gon' swing like Willie B (this shit, this shit... this shit)

Verse 1 [Felly]:
Since a yougin, tryna get the wheels in motion now we runnin (uh)
See me pluggin, everybody ask for something (uh)
Bob & weavin, weavin bobbin' you ain't nothing! (hol' up lemme spit real quick)
I feel in- I feel in- I feel inspired, took a shower and got dressed and I ain't tired
Keep on asking all these question, where's the lighter?
Too much glitter on your chest I cannot vibe with
(Gyyps: Nah, no fu- naw dude, naw.)
Let's get higher, I ain't tired I ain't tired, blaze that fire
Call my momma on the phone because I like her (CAUSE I LIKE THAT WOMAN!)
Said I'm gon' live this way until I spiral... (Uh)

Verse 2 [Gyyps]:
Asian pussy, that's Toyota
Just like my daddy, pimpin' shit and slingin' dope
In the whip I'm gettin throat, ammunition in my flows
Unload a clip on the mind of a villian, I'm rappin' and killin' em I take your bitch I sleep with my dick in her

Hook:
I feel like Muhammad Ali when I pull up to the scene, dodging all these freaks cause my squad is all I need
I wanna swang like Willie B, how I'm swinging from these trees, pull off in a jeep said I'll see you in a week I feel like Muhammad Ali

Verse 3 [Gyyps & Felly]:
We don't play games with you bitches
We are not the same, know the difference
We don't know your name, who you kiddin?
All this talking, where the action, where you say you from?
Southern Killafornia (gang gang gang gang gang)
Southern Killafornia (gang gang gang gang gang)
Watch me pull up on ya... watch me pull up on ya
Killafornia, mamacita smokin wax, keep me rolling
She off the pill I pop a tab, I'm losing focus (losin' focus)
Just a little bit I had, don't get me started, don't get me...
Still independent, with my homies from the jump we 'bout to get it
We play the show, we rollin' out another city
Stash the money in Canoga, love to spend it
Hit Expoza throw 300 on them strippers
[Felly]
Gyyps fuckin' out in public that shit gutta
That shit funny I just said don't get in trouble, you just lucky that I don't go tell your mother, cause that'd be trouble hold up
Aye YOG$, swear this about to be our summer keep 'em coming, send my vocals to your number by tomorrow
We stopped thinkin' bout the numbers and we doubled, yuh
Now the screaming out in public

Hook:
I feel like Muhammad Ali when I pull up to the scene, dodging all these freaks cause my squad is all I need
I wanna swang like Willie B, how I'm swinging from these trees, pull off in a jeep cause I-I-I-I I feel like Muhammad Ali when I pull on the streets, dodging all these freaks cause my squad is all I need
You wanna come up Willie B, how I'm swinging from these trees, pull up in a jeep, said I'll see you in a week