[Intro: Jennifer Lopez & R. Kelly]
Baby I love you (I love you too)
You know I need you
Gotta have you (what?)
Can't be without you (J.Lo)

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
It's like downtown New York in the middle of traffic jams
All I really want you to know is who I am
You can find me low key in the back of the club
Roll with some fine females, rollin' on dubs
You and me big pimpin' on a shopping spree in L.A
Paparazzi's and critics; who give a damn what they say?

[Verse 2: Jennifer Lopez]
Boy, I never knew I could feel they way I felt when I met you
I could never forget you
And boy, when you look my way, I realize more and more I adore your pretty eyes
But what I wanna know from you is do you wanna share my love's bliss?
I long for the day when I'm feeling your kiss
Can you love me for a lifetime for just in one night?
Im helpless for you
Baby, but its alright (just one night)

[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez]
Baby I love you (love you)
Baby I need you (need you)
I gotta have you (I gotta have you babe)
Can't be without you (be without you)
Baby I love you (yeah)
Baby I need you (need you)
I gotta have you (I gotta have you babe)
Can't be without you

[Bridge: Jennifer Lopez]
Papi, I got something to say to you
Blessed and cursed on the day that I felt the power of you
Inside me it was strong and I loved it
And there comes a time in our lives when things change (it's a brand new day)
And baby, I'll spend it with you
What I wanna know from you is do you wanna share my love's bliss?
I long for the day when I'm feeling your kiss
Can you love me for a lifetime but just in one night
I'm helpless for you
Baby, but its alright

[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez & R. Kelly]
Oh, baby I love you (love you)
Baby I need you (need you)
I gotta have you (I gotta have you babe)
Can't be without you (be without you)
Baby I love you (yeah)
Baby I need you (need you)
I gotta have you (I gotta have you)
Can't be without you
Baby I love you (I love you too)
You know I need you (J.Lo)
Gotta have you (pied piper)
Can't be without you (J.Lo)

[Verse 3: R. Kelly]
It's like downtown New York in the middle of traffic jams
All I really want you to know is who I am
Find me low key in the back of the club, roll with some fine females, rollin on dubs
You and me big pimpin on a shopping spree in L.A
Paparazzi's and critics who give a damn what they say
Rear-drop-top bentley on somebody's highway
Who let me jump in some club on his vallet
Got a little smoke, got a little drinks sittin' in V.I.P
Got a little buzz on my hands up honeys feeling me
Got that criss sittin' on ice like a gansta lean
Hands surrounding them like dice like security
At the party in the Ritz Carlton penthouse suite
All my thugs and me breath smelling like Hennessey
Got a few friends flying in from San Diego
It's a suprise party for my homie J.Lo

[Outro: Jennifer Lopez]
I need you (baby I love you)
I gotta have you babe (baby I need you)
Baby I love you (I gotta have you)
Oooh I swear I do (can't be without you)
(baby I love you )
Oooo (baby I need you )
Ladies do you know what I'm talking about? (I can't be without you)