[Hook:]
(It's a Big Boi thang)
Super fresh get paid for my rhymes
I only say what's on my mind
(It's a Big Boi thang)
Turning heads hoes choosin' in the instant pimp game
So persistent we grind
(It's a Big Boi thang)
Shawty please I'm a (?) what you expect
From the (?) to the rocks on my neck
(It's a Big Boi thang)
Jump out the coupe equipped with the angel wings on
Run like Bibby from the Kings
(It's a Big Boi thang)

[Verse 1:]
Takin' shots like they never woulda thought I'd make it
I hit the block (?) the bumper and I crack the pavement
(?) hard as I fire up like Donald Trump
Fuck a gorilla, I got a whole zoo in my trunk
Got my lady right beside me, call her Nina Ross
Keep her alibi in case she break a nigga off
Cruise the city limits (?) coupe (?) makin' heads turn
Then hit the mall just in time to catch a yellow bird
Tossin' lames, I got (?) cause I got block to smash
Keep my hands free at all times cause I got hoes to grab
Don't get it twisted, money never changed KRIT
I still press a lame shit quick like the local cleaners
And bust a Pacer nigga head like Ben Wallace
Hey this that blueprint shawty, ya'll just (?)
I stick to the playa shit cause that's what gets me paid
So fuck what these niggas say

[Hook:]

[Verse 2:]
Young Krizzle from the bottom of the map
I got the streets on lock and some G's on (?)
Some hoes don't track since the dough won't trap
(?) grills on 'Lacs what you know 'bout that
Get a deal and a mil then I cop that coupe
Spray the outsides silver get the inside's blue
Them hoes gone do when I get them shoes
I'm a God in my flow you can call me Zeus
Don't get offended by my image cause I'm gettin' women
Somethin' like a soccer ball how a nigga kick it pimpin'
VH1 flow shit's so driven
Can't take my shine, ain't shit here given
Violate me and you seein' some things
Pop trunk on a hater if you need some things
Cause niggas talk a lot and never really be about it
All I gotta do is point ya out, nigga see about it

[Hook:]

[Verse 3:]
Top down hittin' sixty in the inner city
We're switchin' lanes, grippin' grain, they ain't fuckin' with me
Hoes choosin', boppers boppin'
Money comin' in, choppers choppin'
I got that normal white T fitted cap on
Airforces on my feet talkin' 'bout the strap-ons
Real niggas know they ain't gotta front
Plus these hoes know I'm paid so I ain't even gotta stunt
And when I crawl out the haters like aww nah
Mad cause I'm sittin' sideways like Paul Wall
I'm from the backwoods and they gone love me
These haters treat me like Chevies cause they wanna dub me
I'm so gutter nigga, respect my mind frame
I run this mixtape shit, respect my grind man
I'm shuttin' cities down, I'm tearin' clubs up
Hey I'm the hottest thing out, you can ask Buck

[Hook:]