[Intro]
No I think they tend to love
Knowing what I do is raw
Less I got a way to prove
First you got to tell me who
Will you love me?
Will you love me?
Like you love me
Tonight...

[Verse 1: Emilio Rojas]
My mama didn't want me to buy rap, now I rap
And send her show fliers, I'm asking her "how she like that?"
My whole life been spent on committing spite acts
If I did it for Sprite ads, the kid would want his life back
I hold grudges with no budging on low budget
If I’m feeling like it’s my last leg, I got no crutches
I’m so fucking ridiculous when it come to rapping
So much has happened, it’s numb and I feel like nothing happened
I wasn’t planned, I’m a fucking accident, running rampant
I’m the son of Sam on a sonogram with a gun in hand
My daddy learned she was pregnant, and he was so angered
He tried to end it, I’m no stranger to coat hangers
He getting livid, sitting in on the clinic visits
And now he waiting for drama like it's an intermission
He take it out on my mama ‘cause he was into hitting
And yeah, that's probably the reason my sister is into women
Latinos hating my music ‘cause they didn't get it
If you think I’m racist, you stupid you little idiot
I am from a family of immigrants, understand me you simpleton?
I’m Latin, is your ass really listening huh?
They want me to be the monster they see
I’m outgoing, I’m do not shy from controversy
Somebody had to say it, no one brought it but me
So how the fuck you have the nerve to keep on targeting me?
Yeah...

[Hook]
No I think they tend to love
Knowing what I do is raw (It's so raw)
Less I got a way to prove (Yeah, yeah)
First you got to tell me who
So tell me who can I trust?
When everybody's a snake
And tell me who can I love?
When everybody's a fake
And tell me where I'll end up?
When I been running in place
Just tell me what will it take?
Tell me what will it take?
You pushing me to the breaking point
You pushing me to the breaking point
You pushing me to the breaking point
You pushing me to the breaking point
Break, Breaking point...

[Verse 2: Emilio Rojas]
People asking me why I’m so angry, I’m laughing
Asking them why they so happy, shit happens
I’m living fast, forgetting that I’m a little bastard
No getting pass the past, my life is spinning backwards
Shit on my mind, it will cripple your spine
I’m from the middle of the city with the grittiest grime
And I moved to New York before I’m hitting my prime
Now I’m paying double the rent to live with triple the crime
I’m so beyond this, no one slowing the progress
The Devil on my arm, knock my conscious unconscious
Living isn't a gift, this shit’s a process
Everything I left is everything that I wanted
‘Cause my heart similar to a pie chart, I give a little sliver away
Then I’m taking my part, in dive bars and my guys all on the top floor
Crying over nothing that matters, hoping they find God
But my religion is getting money, in God we trust
And it’s obvious to me, now that all we that got is us
The product of my environment but the Roc is nuts
So I gotten drunk off the anger I’m keeping bottled up
Bottoms up, now I’m staring at an empty glass
And all the women I've been with, well they just empty ass
It’s like the shit that’s significant isn't meant to last
You never shattered my dreams, homie they Plexiglas

[Hook]