[Verse 1 - Big Oak]
Yo!
Time is money, and money is time
That's why I'm staring at my watch
Hoping it stops on a dime
I'm diving in head first (first), even with my clothes on
Got more passion than a couple dancing to that slow song
But why care when all these clowns write these sucker raps?
Got more play than Hollywood cats with them trucker hats
Shit!
I don't know, but I guess
That it's another reason for the L to rock to the test!
On the occasion:
When I'm getting down
See, I go for the slaying
Man, what you saying?
A whole lot of nothing
And a tiny bit of some
But I flip that shit around
That's why you never catch me fronting (Yo!)
Write it down and don't forget that!
See, I get under your skin
You can't remove me with a wet nap
On the searching in the hood for great powers
So we pop with SpyTech in two times at late hours
Sometimes it's rain showers
But fuck, [?] got good wipers
Problem is, you're full of shit like your kid's diaper
Ha!
Eyes on us, 'cause your time's up
Yo, Nick Fury, where you at, time to fight some!

[Chorus - Nick Fury (Big Oak)]
First they want to take what we learn (Fuck that!)
Then they try to steal what we earn (That's wack!)
So we let 'em burn, baby, burn (And that's that!)
So if you're rubbing me wrong then we ain't taking you back
They want to take what we learn (Fuck that!)
Then they try to steal what we earn (That's wack!)
So we let 'em burn, baby, burn (And that's that!)
'Cause if you're rubbing me wrong then we ain't taking you back

[Verse 2 - Nick Fury]
I'm on the shoes, I've been up and down the path, man
Started back, caught up, and then I passed them
Been ahead for a mile and a half, and
These dudes, they're fools, look who's laughing
No need for names, or an introduction, see
My calling card is a crowd that's jumping
In the T-shirts and jeans at a high class function
Very special people: Cheapshot's production!
I'm sick when you get up, you already got me fed up
Better shut up and give up, 'cause you ain't saying nothing
I won't let up, I'm headed to fuck your head up
Got 'em set up to get up
Like you're looking for something
Something better, something new
More me, less you
If you're taking offense, then I guess it's you
We made some hits, now they watch how we're doing
Rock some shows, now they call it a movement!
And you fake cloud 'cause you sold some LPs? Please!
Check out your section in the UCDs
The world is spinning, now you're running out of time
While I'm on top of L.A. like the Hollywood sign!

[Chorus]

[Trumpet Solo]

[Chewbacca Beatbox]