[Verse 1]
Pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashing
Probably cause I never could, said if I had it, never would
Then I got my first little taste of paper
And I splurged, I guess it's just the nigga urge
This is The Boondocks
I swear yo I’m like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be trynna save the world, then on Friday I hit the club
Hoping that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scrappin' then you hear the gats blasting
Damn, hope them niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see I can, but I won’t, cause I’m saying what I want
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
As the throat, on a certified freak, will she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes I let her give me head
So she won't remember where I live - my game is tight
Baby no need to bring pajamas, you ain't staying the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life
Like Hov said it “Can I Live?”
Aye dear Lord, “Can I live?”
Now am I living to get paid just slaves for a wage, are we
I can't do no 9-to-5 told my momma “sorry”
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the glory
If you knew me know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me
I ain't pissed, naw couldn’t give a shit hardly
I be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me
If I go I know the ones that’s pouring liquor for me
And I know the fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was 'bout to blow so they was waiting on me

[Hook]
But Oh-No, Lord
See I'm smarter than they know
So hold on, Lord, cause I ain't quite ready to go
Can I live?

Somebody told me that it's only one shot
So I'll be God damn, If I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'mma make it to the top
So I'mma keep climbing 'til my heartbeat drop

[Verse 2]
Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude he was young like 21, straight up out that city that I'm from
A real smart nigga, but his niggas they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breathe nigga
His partner screaming “Don’t you fucking leave, nigga!!”
Took off his shirt trynna stop the bleeding nigga, “Don’t you go!”
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know
Did I tell my baby sorry from before
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord I ain't ready to go
Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?
Can I live?