[Verse One: CIRCUMCISION]
Hypocritical oaf
Defy the Hippocratical Oath?
Male? Female circumcision?
I'm a critic of both
All yall so called followers of God I'll accuse
Think you should see heaven should see jail for child abuse
So medieval - unquestioned by normally intelligent people
Circumcision
Looks in a locker room's reason for decison?
Circumcision
Don't want to disgust his future women?
Shame on you
Not all women feel the same as you
Circumcision
Where would be without tradition?
Utopia
I'm hopin ya reconsider
You'd draw a baby's blood, won't leave without a babysitter
I can predict the responses of a selected collective unconscious
Man, woman, old, young
Unhold the tongue that stayed mainly mum
You're more scared of smegma than depleted uranium!
On the daily snip new patients
Why not 'MALE Genital Mutilation'?
Cause the genitals aren't identical?
Why are clitoridectomies more animal?
Who says you're more civilized?
Swivel your eyes to the mirror
See clearer you live a lie of privileged drivel
Let's compromise -
Punch him in the face
With a truncheon or mace
When he's born
Just a taste of tough love
Something his phallus-mini and Palestinians can't get enough of
Your emotions are chemicals
Your heart is just ventricles and atrii
Some traditions such as circumcision make me die
And what's this lil JAP's shell gone worth?
Aww, he's got his mom's eyes
His dad's mutilated genitalia
Late capitalism's hell on earth
I'm not noncommittal bout the natural laws it mocks
Keep my little black book in a safety deposit box
Her middle back shook to count bass d because it rocks
Circumcision's pointless black, blue, or orthodox
So son, can't recall your first act of butchery

Mazel tov


[Verse Two: FORESKIN]

(I’m) a foreskin hated more than abortion
Nobody loves me. They think I’m ugly

(I’m) keeping the glans clean
My very first day of life and you hack me off like I’m gangrene

(I’m) more despondent than a foreign correspondent
Men would live more sensitive if you left me on it

(I’m) god’s gift to women
He gotta go slow with me, leave her totally grinnin

(I’m) constantly changing
Bring pain if you search for the same thing

(I’m) vital like breast milk
Mess with your own ilk and it’s no stretch to kill others

(I’m) a baby
And I may grow up to hate you for what you ain’t gave me

(I’m) here to stay when you get over your egos
Wherever you chuck me, that’s where a tree grows