[Intro: Different people talking]
The spiked red hair...and the..and the, paint on his face
Woah, hold on man, Tech is losin' it man
He's not as grounded as he used to be
Tech was a devil worshiper
You know you see a black dude with red hair
And a long beard, I mean look he look scary to me too
Yeah that nigga Tech man he sellin' out man
That..that's he's doin' that for the white folks
Thats white shit he doin' man

[Verse 1]
I've been writing for
19 years for sure
Hate rules in these times
Niggas don't wanna see me shine
Stop me, and then try to tell me (Come gangsta)
And then compare me to Nelly (Where's yo bank, bruh?)
So this songs's gonna tell me
(So-called gangsta niggas, who the fuck is gonna try to break a G?)
Hey, I've been bustin'
And fizznuckin' bitches
It is nothin', for years puffin'
I've been clutchin' riches from his muffin'
Here's "Fuck you niggas", this is tough and I
(Don't know what the fuck you thinkin', tellin' me this shit is hella fake)
Say, since way back in the days rappin'
The blaze happened
I raised raves, craved days was blade packin'
And stage saggin'
They's wack and Nina stayed layed back and I
(laugh at negros constantly, they never know the money Nina makes)
Hey, this is amazin' how niggas formulate they hatin'
You fuckin' fornicate, your mistaken
We can never correlate cause you fakin', huh?
Who's bringin' in through bacon, huh?
Who's keepin' it shakin', huh?
(Got any questions Sinister Tech and Tecca Nina niggas know the rest)
Gay is all you punks and Mitch Bades, this in your trunk, won't get played on the radio
Too gangsta for an old lady, bro
Gangsta niggas don't hate me, no
Wanksta niggas won't face me, though
(Talk big shit in books 'bout people tellin' me I really need a vest)
Okay!

[Bridge 1]
I rep the town harder than any of you niggas
Where ever I stand, my bills' the same, punk
And you got the nerve to tell me

[Hook]
Come gangsta
Throw your rags in the air
And know that nobody there
Will compare to your gangsta
Sag your pants to the floor
Every woman's a bitch or a whore
When you're gangsta
Pack ya guns in the club
If they shrug give them thugs mean mugs, yeah come gangsta
Is what they sayin' to me

[Verse 2]
I shoulda been done come with a gun
For the ones who bump they gums, you the one
Said a nigga wasn't gonna make another record
Said I was whack and washed up, done
Said a nigga might scare little ones
He's a fuckin' nightmare, here he comes
With red hair and my face painted
They said (Gangsta)
Messy Marv and Colione is so (Gangsta)
But I really ain't (Gangsta)
I need to get a little (Gangsta)
Scritch the Scratch, my nigga fat tone is so (Gangsta)
You need a bit of that (Gangsta)
You need to hang wit a (Gangsta)
Mr. Stinky Vigilante's so (Gangsta)
Brotha Lynch is (Gangsta)
Da Bigga Bigga is (Gangsta)
57 RDVs are so (Gangsta)
That nigga Fitty is (Gangsta)
They say!
When you in them streets, creep creep
Cause some gangstas wanna head blast
Cause I run with the red rags
And try make the feds flash
Try to swipe my bread stash
(That's that bullshit I'm gon' skip and try to go and get the money grip)
Okay, you niggas kill me like Nosferatu vampire bit my shit
Cause you niggas feel me, surprised that I got you right here with my shit
So you gotta be thankful to who?
By the way homie what's gangsta to you?
(Money, dope and alcohol and pretty bitches all upon your dick)
I got that
How can C-Bo be wrong?
How can Yukmouth be wrong?
How can Lynch be wrong?
How can 2Pac be wrong? Bitch!

[Hook]
Come gangsta
Throw your rags in the air
And know that nobody there
Will compare to your gangsta
Sag your pants to the floor
Every woman's a bitch or a whore
When you're gangsta
Pack ya guns in the club
If they shrug give them thugs mean mugs, yeah come gangsta
Is what they sayin' to me

[Verse 3]
I've been nice to you rapper cats for a long time
I left Kansas City so them other cats can go and shine
But it seems these punks are confused because I'm my own kind
But I'm back on deck cause Kansas City is who's throne? Mine!
This ain't no punk shit
Nigga this is strength at it's finest
I made this shit so you all you simps can rewind it
Meaning, you pussies who say this Tech shit ain't hard for real
And try to disregard the real
You motherfuckers is hard to feel
I get your death threats cause I'm the king bitch
Money, groupies, drugs, alcohol and bling shit
But I stay ahead of the game
And you punks is so late
Cause my one gangsta track will demolish your whole tape
I've been with every rapper who's legendary
Underground to mainstream know that Tech is very hard
Cause I bring the heater
Love me cause I'm your leader
Bitches, they suck my Peter
While I'm drinkin' Margaritas
Niggas get layed down
Seven displayed sounds
N9ne the crazed clown
Lines like sprayed rounds
This is for all you haters who don't pump my shit
If you say this ain't gangsta you can suck my dick!
I might look like a clown
But you niggas sound like a muthafuckin' circus
Fuck you muthafuckas!

[Outro: Yukmouth]
This nigga is the tightest nigga movin' man
I mean...Tech N9ne will demolish all you niggas
From the stage show, to rockin' the mic you name it
That's why I roll with him
He my favorite rapper, real talk
Tech N9ne