[Produced by Chucky Thompson and Mario Winans]

[Hook: Puff Daddy]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes
While I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke: gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor
The rap slayer, the hooker layer
Motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace," smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act, funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capeesha? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fist, like Camacho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up" Niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rocked quick
I guess I was a combination
Of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was humpin' around and jumpin' around
Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?"
She said, "B-I-G," then I bust in her E-Y-E

[Hook: Puff Daddy]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC
G's disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies; no ifs, ands, or maybes
Hit Mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis, after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with a ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Found your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with a broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin'
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Hook: Puff Daddy]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

[Verse 3: Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin'
Horse's heads, human sacrifices
Cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals, havin' sex with 'em
Camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that; I kicked the habit
I just beat you to death
With weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin' meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket
I'm lyin', I got a 9 in my pocket
And, baby, I'm just dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords
For any faggot that said he was raw
My Uzi's heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door
I'll lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceiling, red on the floor
Get a new whore, met on the second, wed on the third
Then she's dead on the fourth; I'm dead wrong

[Hook: Puff Daddy]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong