PART 1 :

[Hook - will.i.am]
Hey !
I bet you can't, bet you can't do it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't do it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Hey !

[Verse 1 - Fergie]
One, two, three to the fo'
Comin to your hood like a SCUD missile
Fergie rock the beat down to the gristle
I spit it clean just like lis-ter-rrine

[Verse 2 - will.i.am]
I'm so official
That's why I'm rockin this, rockin this whistle
I'm in the disco, percolatin nipples
When I deejay I turn the bass up to tickle
The girls with the big big booties
I'm straight chillin, coolin out with cuties (hey!)
21 and over ain't messin wit juvies
Girls always talkin 'bout "I ain't no groupie!"
I ain't stupie, I know what the truth be
You was up chillin with Yeezy last week
You nasty; admit it you nasty
Tryin to act classy, askin for a glass - please
Grab a glass and get wet
Asked for some bubble so I gave her Moet
I said I don't want trouble but she said wan' get
Busy cause she dizzy so I said let's jet

[Hook 2 - will.i.am + Fergie]
We did it and we did it and we did it like this
Did it and we did it and we did it like this
Did it and we did it and we did it like this
Did it and we did it and we did it like...

[Hook 3 - will.i.am + Fergie]
I said I bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like that
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like that
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like that
Bet you can't, bet you can't...

[Verse 3 - will.i.am]
Do, Do, Do, Do, Do, Do, Do, Do
Do it like me, so fresh so clean
This beat's crazy, this beat's obscene
This shit's laced, this shit's so mean
Mean, mean, y'knahmean?
This beat's cracked that means y'all fiends
This shit's hot nigga lettin off steam
This is like a movie action scene
Ring, ring, ring like a machine
This shit's money nigga this shit's green
This shit is terrifyin - Halloween
This shit is gimme your Qu-Qu-Qu-Qu-Queen
And that means I'm the what, what? King !

[Hook 4 - will.i.am + Fergie]
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't yo, yo-yo yo

[Verse 4 - will.i.am]
Rock the Casbah, rock the dancehall
I want punani someone gimme belly dancer
Who got de answer, for de dancer?
Nobody know but I got music to enhance ya
Block blocka, momma call me poppa
I stay on top of brick chicks like Chaka
Zulu, I'm the shit, you the copper
Who are you? I'm the future hip-hoppper
Mega nigga, this nigga bigger
Why hold the gun if you kyan't pull the trigger?
Why you stay you do it when you know you can't deliver?
Why your drink vodka if you got a weak liver?
Hahahaha, I'mma lover not a fighter
Love down a dyke, turn her to a dick liker
Hahahaha, I'm the big chief rocker
Shootin up your block like blocka, blocka

[Hook 5 - will.i.am + Fergie]
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't rock it like this
Bet you can't, bet you can't do it like that
Yo, try it, tr-tr-try it

PART 2 :

[Intro - will.i.am]
Can't rock it like this...

[Verse 1 - apl.de.ap]
I'm the new enig-matic, black acrobatic
Alien about to invade, galactic
Ladies climaxin, off of my axin
Phillipino comin to the US, mashin
Laser, flashin, big ghetto blastin
Vodka, water, down for some action
Check it out now, the funk soul brother
And right about now, you know I'm on that other
Shit, but you can't rock it like me though
Niggas say I'm dope, white girls say I'm neato
I rock wave forms ain't fuckin with no needle
Music revolution like underground Beatles
Yeah... you can't rock it like us
Bitch, you need to shut the fuck up!

[Verse 2 - apl.de.ap]
I'm on a mission, I'm on a mission
Start the ignition
Let's blow it up like nitroglycerine
It's the new definition, of club demolition
Check the new composition
Let's shoot 'em down with the killer ammunition
I got a proposition
Stop, listen
Cause this beat bangs
A banger, knock 'em out to submission
I got an intuition
Tonight's gonna be a good good exhibition
Hope you don't have no heart condition
Think you can rock it like this, you're wishing

[Outro - apl.de.ap] x9
You can't rock it like this