[Intro: Rocket]
Man got a brand new batch... of what?
Hot shit, baby
Man got a brand new batch... of what?
Hot shit, baby
Man got a brand new batch... of what?
Hot shit, baby
Man got a brand new batch... of what?
(Yo, yeah, Splurgeboys)
Man got a brand new batch... of what? (Dun know)
Papa got a brand new batch
Man got a brand new batch... of what?
Papa got a brand new batch
Man got a brand new batch... of what? (Dun know, yeah)
Papa got a brand new batch
Man got a brand new batch... of what? (Dun know)
Yo, look

[Hook: Rocket]
Man been down in the dungeon cooking them cauldron flows
It's hell in the kitchen, better let Gordon know
Dun know
Too many snakes and gorgons
Man turn stone when you catch 'em outside
Of the online forums, got something for 'em
Gotta make sure the family eat
So I ain't got time for the feet they're stalking
Dun know

[Verse 1: Rocket]
Mad ting gwan anytime me and my donnies there
Want vibes, so you dun know
G hit me up on the line
Said he got new bangers inside so you dun know
Man hit the lab for the white jacket
And the briefcase in the cab
Can't try sleep on the Paper Aeroplane
Cause you'll wake up with bare jetlag
Trust me
Too many times, they're doubting
Too many times, they've been counting
Yeah, too many times tried cock block man
And we still went round 'em
Blood been pouring, sweat been pouring
Shit dun changed so my cuzzy went down in the courtroom
Nowadays, man's on a [?]
Us man, very important
I don't watch fortunes, had too many misfortunes
Said I don't watch fortunes, man count blessings
Then I drop more tunes, easy
I don't watch fortunes, had too many misfortunes
Said I don't watch fortunes, man count blessings
Then I roll more fumes, easy

[Verse 2: Scorcher]
Somebody tell 'em that I'm ten times better than them, ready for them
Crush niggas on a regular and I'm ready again
I've got the winner fly motion, and I've told them
Somebody tell 'em again
I'm a hot boy, hot boy, a real hot boy
A real nigga, I am what you are not, boy
I was doing dirt in the bits
Before I ever did an episode for the Top Boy
Yeah, I put this shit in perspective
We ain't got the biggest collective
You ain't gotta like anything that I see on the mic
But I can guarantee niggas respect it
I'm around youts that are crazy, so maybe
Think twice when you're picking your necklace
And when I come around there swinging it reckless
I can make a phone call and have a nigga for breakfast
S-K-Y walker
Don't make me wave my borer
When I skip on the riddim, I start spraying like water
I sound way better than all ya, ten times
I'll be better forever and in the next life
I'm in the middle of your girl's sex life
Have a look at your watch, brudda, and tek time
You don't want a Colombian neck tie
I'm too good, it's too easy, I'm too comfy
I'm tight with it, all them breddas are clumsy
I'm nice with it, all them breddas are ugly
I probably ain't in the country
I'm flying in, flying out for the lizzy
I think I'll probably fly before you ever lyrically see me
I'm a nought bit, dem bruddas are funny like Norbit
Brudda, I'm scorching
So dropped 16 bombs on the first 16
Sync me the best flow
Forget that, let me jump on the next flow
I'm from North London but you knew that already
I've got the hunger back for food in my belly
Top five, dead or alive, I proved that already
And I don't really act on the MAC
That's something that I do for the telly

[Hook: Rocket]
Man been down in the dungeon cooking them cauldron flows
It's hell in the kitchen, better let Gordon know
Dun know
Too many snakes and gorgons
Man turn stone when you catch 'em outside
Of the online forums, got something for 'em
Gotta make sure the family eat
So I ain't got time for the feet they're stalking
Dun know

[Bridge: Rocket]
Papa got a brand new batch, dun know, dun know
Papa got a brand new batch, dun know, dun know, yeah
Papa got a brand new batch, yeah, yeah, yeah
Papa got a brand new
Just me and my donnies from day
Just me and my donnies
Been me and my donnies from day
Just me and my donnies
Yeah, me and my donnies from day
It's been me and my donnies
Yeah, me and my donnies from
Want it? Dun know