[Verse 1: Dels]
A fool said I'm off white to saturate my blackness
Got my features from my mother
And my heart is where my Dad is
As the world turns and spins on it's axis
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't confused as a youth
All of that madness
Religion clashing with science as I feel to seek the truth
Rasta said seek Zion, ride the iron lion too
Towards a gold light, where the paradise looms
Then he asked me for a lighter and started sparking up a zoot
I'm tired got my third eye in a slumber
It's blood shot red, it's like we're dead slipping under
Feel the hunger, can't nothing stop these stomach pains
It's growling louder than a neon bear on a Summers Day
As it's prey escapes and evades with no trace
Pick up the flow pace
As I stream these words from the dome
Eyes on the Throne because nobody's home
I'm gonna camp here right below, repetition, writing the flows
Underground, all on my own...
If you don't believe me then bell my phone?!

[Hook: Dels]
Man, I should've been a blizzard because I'm that cold
Dusting of my mind these rhymes will put you in a choke hold
Dragging both feet on the pavement
I load up these thoughts take aim, start spraying... Time to let go!
Man, I should've been a blizzard because I'm that cold
Dusting off my mind these rhymes will put you in a choke hold
Dragging both feet on the pavement
I load up these thoughts take aim, start spraying...

Time to let go! (And ain't holding back!)
It's time to let go! (And I ain't coming back!)
All of these verbs that I'm leaking, that I'm aiming for your heart
These words will penetrate it, let's all watch it fall apart

Time to let go! (And ain't holding back!)
It's time to let go! (And I ain't coming back!)
All of these verbs that I'm leaking, that I'm aiming for your heart
These words will penetrate it, let's all watch it fall apart

[Verse 2: Dels]
Hmm
I see dead people?!
Dead to the world, soundbwoy got killed, that's evil!
Punchline montage that is the blow I dealt (Tell 'em now!)
Look in the mirror, can't even see myself?!
Hmm
You see my Brothers think I've made it
But I can't pay my rent, and the landlord is complaining
I'm a cactus to her anus, now he's dreaming that it's raining
Money's falling from the sky, my palms are sweating trying to claim it...
But then it sinks straight through
Trying to keep my cool, in the grand scheme of things
Some say that I need a rinse in holy water, I prefer bourbon
Drowning my sorrows 'til I'm yawning on this recording
Writing my thoughts between the margin
Mumbling to myself, Skylarking in the garden
Trying not to tarnish all these colours dripping, dripping
Off my mind
But-But I lost my balance, slipping, slipping, every time...
Hold Up!

[Hook]