(3LW)
Ohh...Hey Naughty...

(Treach)
Oh where's my kitty kat, where's my kitty kat at
Welcome to our party, sexy like Ashanti
Written on your hit and licking lot from my Bacardi
Rub on my body, kiss and twist and barley
Ask da damn dadda der, do dat song, while I ooh-ah, ooh-ah
How I do that so long? On the DL world baby
Swellin' dub crazy, DJ rewind that Naughty with that 3L-Dub baby
I move simple, just as sooth mix'll move gentle
I give ya mother-mm-mm, goose pimples(2x's)
Ain't the last brother passed over
I be the bachler of the year or that cab punch a back brother
N..A..U..G..H-T..Y......B..Y...Na, Na, Na, Nature, not cuz I hate ya
Master the matress, flip, I go backwards, a little kiss on your cheek
Will make you back with the Treach, it...

(Chorus)
It feels good to ya
Let me see how you rock wit it
Bout the beat baby, drop wit it
And don't worry bout a damn thing
It feels good to ya
Let me see how you rock wit it
Do your thing, come close wit it
And don't worry bout a damn thing
It feels good...

(Vinnie)
Hey, ever since back in the day
From O.P.P. down to Hip Hop Hooray
Who invented party anthems that ease stress away?
You got drama, never mind that
Naughty by Nature, 3L-Dub on star tracks
We got that flavor that make your hands clap, toes tap
And cross the culture on the generation age gap, never can you fade that
We make your body like, rock to this
Everybody's block parties gonna walk to this
To the family, here's a number one
And all those haters who ain't thinking we still having fun
Better throw your towel in son
How many years have we proved we can do this?
How many people we inspired to pursue this?
Well if you wanna test the man to the truth is
Naughty by Nature makes that Feel Good music

(Chorus)
(Treach)
Pu-tang, tang, I don't wanna go to the party
Ain't a party if it ain't...Naughty
Body to body dance...Naughty
Oh lordie, its IIcon and Naughty
Its the groove move more of us hate
C'mon and stroll with us
When everybody smiles it makes the whole day glorious
Slide left, slide right, throw your hands high, I know thats right!
The I strong, we ride strong, double IIcons
You wanna stop hate,better let by-gones be by-gones
Slide left, slide right, lets just find out, why let me find out?
Ooh-ah Ooh-ah, outdoor with indo'
Heyyy-yo, drop the keys out the window
We got to party, with my yardies we partying
Cuz after the party its the after-party

(Chorus)
(3LW)
Feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands (Hey, Hey)
Feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands
Feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands (Hey, Hey)
Feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands
Hey, don't worry bout a damn thang

It feels good to ya
Rock wit it
Drop wit it
And don't worry bout a damn thing

It feels good to ya
Rock wit it
Come close wit it
And don't worry bout a damn thing

(Chorus)