[Intro]: Big KRIT & Breakfast Club
DJ Envy: "Def Jam didn't really support, uhhh..."
Charlamagne: "I was shocked they put your album out. I'm not gonna lie to you."
KRIT: "For real you were shocked?
Charlamagne:  I mean, I knew you had an underground following cuz of your mixtapes and stuff.."
DJ Envy: "They wasn't ready"
Charlamagne: "...but I was shocked that they actually put your album out."
Angela Yee: "How many more mixtapes did you end up putting out before they released your album?"
KRIT: "I mean exactly"
Angela Yee: "I know you did a lot of touring..."
KRIT: "Yeah"
Charlamagne: "I knew people in the Def Jam building who was like, 'man..' I say when the Big Krit album coming out? And they say 'NEVER.  Ain't gonna sell no records.'"

[Verse 1]
I built it from the ground up
Act like they found us
From the sign of the label, tried to drown us
I built a boat in a moat for my castle
I graduated to a businessman, I got tassels
Another chapter, another story, another plot
Mother fuck the ball in their court, I took a shot
Three presidents in 5 years, I never stopped
While they worried about the single sales--
The albums flopped
Oh Lord, Lord, Lord there they go
Trying to fuck me out another but I ain't a ho
I produce and write my own shit, I know the score
I'ma drop another mixtape, and go on tour
We ain't playing games man, I'm too grown
For you to try to take me out my motherfucking zone
For you to try and tell me I ain't motherfucking known
I guess I gotta do it how I done it on my own, UH

[Hook]
I been a free agent nigga
I been a free agent nigga
Even when I was signed
It was multi til I die
I've proven motherfuckers wrong
Every got damn time
I been a free agent nigga
I been a free agent nigga
Naw they can't hold us
Put the whole team on my shoulders
Now there's money on the way
Because the contract's over

[Verse 2]
What good is a team if they don't ball out with you?
Domino niggas they'll fall out with you
At the table with the majors they go all out with you
Til you're underground with it, they won't crawl out with you
So they serve, serve you a plate
Full of scraps and the bait
You ain't eating so you ate
You ain't moving so you shake
What you can
'cuz you gotta drop another album
But ain't make a mother fucking dollar, OH!
Mane it's hard to understand
How they rob a nigga then shake his other hand?
How I hit the road when I ain't never have a chance?
How I sell out shows and I ain't even make 'em dance?
How I ain't a gimmick but I got all these fans?
How I made in merch what you got in your advance?
How I work the tape like I was bagging up the grams?
How a country boy took that country shit and ran?
UH

[Hook]
I been a free agent nigga
I been a free agent nigga
Even when I was signed
It was multi til I die
I've proven motherfuckers wrong
Every god damn time
I been a free agent nigga
I been a free agent nigga
Naw they can't hold us
Put the whole team on my shoulders
Now there's money on the way
Because the contract's over