We're going under but never from the sun
The one from the thunder, lightning
Very very frightening, exciting
But the right thing that's the dark thing
The underground, under pressure for your pleasure
Hawkings, your herald holds, under undeniable
Double undefiable, under under 9
You wait through to the surface, watch is worth this....
Diggin' diggin deep while you sleep, we creeps of tyranium
We come in pact, we react like uranium, Transylvanium
Flight night, watch it bites, sucking on the virgin
The undergrounds emerging
We're too deep and much too complicated
Always underground quite often underrated
Underestimated, hated from the way that
We made it there, we say it... we came back
One mixed race one black, one yid, trap you like a arachnid
Power of the pyramid

Did we do it? Did we really kid? I lived, well you forbid recognition
Underground emission, when you are watching tunnel vision, wishing
For the up and over, back and under
From the under undergraduates hay what is plunder
The brotherhood bad mans avoid
No wonder the sounds still profound
When we are going underground...

We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found
We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found
Straight from the pyramids...

With the cemetery callers, that is while we max
5 graves, 6 feet under with the slaves
I smell the smell of the underground stench
The under undefeated hench, odd looking to the earth for the birth
So I should, so I could, sow the seed are undeveloped to be developed
Among the levels of the molecules, deep down diabolical. Deep as our collagical
Days are astrological, number like the heads of the heads in your follicles
Skindeep, now deep as the current, bloodstreams, we be flowing
In time to the verge, undernourished with an underground urge, as
We submerge we take you to a level of schizophrenic, epidemic, [?] mind undefined, fathomed we borrow, digging out the evil
Like a badger tomorrow, tomorrow we be the pot holding weasels
[?], did he live at land-loving, pushing [?], we're under covers
We're unnerving, the under undeserving, but still we'll be searching
Up and down for the sound that's profound...

We're going underground, we're going underground
We're going underground, we're going underground
We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found

We're going underground, we're going underground
We're going underground, we're going underground
We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found

It's like a jungle, sometimes it ain't no wonder that
I keep from going underground, bust to the sound
Of the plunder, buster, muster, be resistant, persistant
Existent, that, you wannabe in house that smells like sewer rats
(I'll live with that), But we dealt to avoid, (I'll readapt)
Which will make you paranoid, you see, your life it's
Void, it's irrelevant, deeper than Freud, take you back
To the elements, the sediment told the undertones are influential
The under undefeated, who the supernatural, they go sink your
Town like a cherry, damn us, the [?] tree underground, your under
Manners, we're with the banners of the undisputed sound
We're going underground!

We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found
We're going underground, we're going underground
Searching for the sound that's going to be found
Straight from the pyramids...

We're diggin' deep, we're diggin' deep
Deeper than Freddy Wests
We're going underground
Down deep, over realm will follow underground
It's the future of tomorrow, down deep, down
Deep, down deep...