[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah
Ahem, yeah
Uh

[Verse 1]
Now, I was dreamin' 'bout a deal at the age of thirteen
I was fiendin' for the mills, I ain't talkin' Burger Kings
Some of my niggas in the Ville, all they did was serve fiends
Fuck scales, I had skills, all day rehearsing
Them pretty boys had them gals, spend their time flirting
All they wanted was some waves like they fuckin' surfing
Hold up, now, don’t get it twisted, I ain't hatin', do your thing
I was like a young Simba: couldn’t wait to be the King
Now, nigga, it’s the Prince
Hopped over the fence, where the grass way greener
Look at shorty ass, way meaner
Somethin' like Serena mixed with Trina, have you seen her?
She fine enough to be Miss Howard, word to Adina
My money like a senior, watch it graduate
Now it's time to eat, I’m lettin' all my niggas grab a plate
Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies
These niggas heard about me, now they actin' like they know me

[Hook]
Keep on sayin', “Where you goin’ nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no tellin’, huh, yeah
“Ayy, where you goin’ nigga?”
Ayy, it ain't no tellin’, yeah
They keep on sayin’, “Where you goin’ nigga?” (goin’ nigga)
Ayy, it ain't no tellin’, yeah
Can’t tell you where I’m goin’, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, uh

[Verse 2]
Pardon the interruption, a proper introduction
Is necessary when your shit is legendary, man
Greedy niggas wouldn’t let me in the cafeteria
'Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian
The hoes is librarians: they lookin' me up
She got to jones like Marion, she lickin' me up
Then we cut, look how she say my name
I got her moanin', "J. Cole," they used to say Jermaine
I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin, six feet
Shit's deep, I was low, just a dollar
And some hope fixed me 'cause I was broke
Plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser
Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer
I’m a star: Converses
Conversin' with them girls with them curves like cursive
They open like curtains
'Cause my shit is unheard of like curses on the radio
Same bitches used to play me though, now they yellin'—

[Hook]
“Where you goin’ nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no tellin’, huh, yeah
“Ayy, where you goin’ nigga?”
Ayy, it ain't no tellin’, yeah
They keep on sayin’, “Where you goin’ nigga?” (goin’ nigga)
Ayy, it ain't no tellin’, yeah
Can’t tell you where I’m goin’, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, uh

[Verse 3]
I left the city for a minute, but it's still on my back
Told my niggas, "Ayy, I'm finna put the Ville on the map
I'll be back, and I'm comin' with a deal and a plaque."
'Cause I'm ill, bitch, they couldn’t make a pill for the rap
Pourin' liquor for my niggas that was killed, send 'em back
Came home, shit is real, niggas still in the trap
Hold up now, don’t get it twisted: if you slang, do your thang
Me, I'm like a young Simba: I can't wait to be the King
Witness the dream
Straight out that Carolina water I was brought up
In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballers
Ain't no fathers but the skinny niggas tryna hit their daughters
Sneakin' in her crib but her momma never caught us
What they taught us
Man, them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters
We hoopin', now the hoes wanna guard us
Okay, so play D, know what I mean?
And I, I, I put you on the team, man, this life is but a dream
And I need a fast car, bad broads
Fast forward: passport, I'm a fuckin' rap star

[Hook]
“Ayy, where you goin’ nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no tellin’, yeah
They say this life is but a dream
Well, I need a fast car, bad broads
Fast forward: passport, I'm a fuckin’ rap star
“Ayy, where you goin’ nigga?”
Yeah, it ain't no tellin’