[Produced by Rahki]

[Intro]
Yea, bumpadum bum
Yea, yea, okay

[Verse 1:]
There's a birthday party happening upstairs (Where?)
And it's all for me, who the fuck cares? (Fuck it)
They don't notice if I never go and show my face (Face)
They just looking for a reason they can celebrate (That's okay)
I hate to waste the vanilla cake that they made for me (Tasty)
I'll tell the same stories, they'll pretend they never heard them (Boring)
I'll just lay down here inside the studio (Aha)
Doing blow and paraphrasing The Crucible (Witch!)
If you fucking with the God, that's a funeral (Kill 'em)
Lose your soul I'm with you longer than your student loans (Woah)
Who got the ecstasy pills? I need a few to roll (Raw)
I'm a real drug addict, homie, you should know
Somebody please tell Jimmy to put the pistol down (Stop man! Please, please, please! Please!)
He's serious this time, he's gonna kill me now (Bapapapapam! Aaah!)
He'll regret it when I hit the ground (What did I do!?)
For now, everybody gather 'round

[Hook:]
It's happy birthday!
It's a birthday party!
Happy birthday! It's your birthday party!
Yea, happy birthday! It's your birthday party!
Happy birthday, happy birthday!

[Verse 2:]
Happy birthday, (Thanks)
How the fuck you feel? (Good!)
Do you ever sit and wonder what is real? (Huh)
Do you ever reach to touch her but there's nothing there? (There)
Do you tell her that you love her but she doesn't care? (Care)
Does she tell you that you hurt her and you're unaware? (No!)
Did you hear about a heaven now you running there? (Go!)
Do you think about the fantasy and make-believe? (Okay)
Do you cover up your eyes, you can't wait to see? (Look)
Lately, I've been having strange dreams (Aha)
Paranoid they hate me, everybody think I'm crazy
Baby can you take me somewhere where the sky blue? (Aha)
You can lead the way, I promise I'll be right behind you (Lets go!)
I do
See myself as iconic (Ya!)
Getting high my downfall it's kinda ironic
Like a condom they on it (Woah!)
Got 'em in my pocket (Woah!)
No time to worry, hurry up and light the candles
Everybody (Woo!)

[Hook:]
It's happy birthday!
It's a birthday party!
Happy birthday! It's your birthday party!
Yea, happy birthday! It's your birthday party!
Happy birthday, happy birthday!

[Outro:]
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you, to you