[Intro: Hopsin & Police Officer]
— Are you guys letting me go now?
— Yeah yeah, I'm afraid not, ya fuckin' dog of a cunt! Let's go, dickhead!
— Officer, you said I was only gonna be here for 30 minutes. It's been five hours, man, what's goi—
— Yeaaah, shut your fuckin' mouth, ya fuckwit, before I fuckin' bash ya!
— Man, what the fuck are you talkin'—
— Go inside, ya fuckin' wombat!
— Man, this is stupid.
— Go on, sit down!
— *sighs* Oh, god.
— Now, your missus claims you assaulted her.
— Psssssst.
— Bloody oath, man, why'd ya fuckin' beat her?
— Man, I didn't fucking beat her! Listen, I'm telling you…

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
I got her the engagement ring that she liked, booked a new flight
To come to Sydney, just to see her, start a new life
Man, she's 20 weeks pregnant and I was tryin' do right
For us, the family, the kid, but maybe I was too nice
My homie text me a picture and I just burst into anger
It was my girl in a bed with her personal trainer
I text my homie like, "Yo, where you find this?"
He says, "Snapchat, bro, it's all on my timeline, shit."
Swear it struck a fuckin' nerve in my chest
I looked at my girl and said, "Get a paternity test!"
She said, "NO! Don't you get all worked and upset
I only slept in his bed right after work just to rest."
I said, "What? You expect me to believe that?
Ha, alright, yeah I'll 'relax'
Guess it doesn't seem bad
My girlfriend's with a buff nigga gettin' t-bagged."
Officer, correct me if I'm wrong but she needed her head detached
I said, "Bitch, I can't believe this shit!
Does he know you're pregnant? Is that his kid?
Look how big my headache is!
This whole time y'all havin' sex and shit
What type of nigga would fuck a pregnant chick?!
I said, "Let's get this paternity test, I'm not kiddin', bitch!"
She said, "No, I'm not gettin' it!"
Officer, I ain't seen her in months, I couldn't trust the lyin' whore
Plus she told me she slept with this guy before
And then I said, you know what? Forget it, it's all good, nevermind
Shit was makin' my blood pressure high
I love her unconditionally, you know, I can't pretend I ain't never lie
For the moment, I guess I'll let her slide
She said, "If you don't want to take care of this kid, Marcus, then say so."
I said, "Wait, no, it's mine too, I can't go
How you gonna support this kid without me? You don't make dough."
She said, "Hahaha. I make loads."
She had six grand cash
I said, "But you was broke two weeks ago!
How you makin' chips that fast?"
She said, "I bartend, I made it all in tips, ha ha."
I said, "Girl, you must take me as a big jackass."
I'm like, "Please, we both know money is hard to come by."
Her bullshit might fly over the heads of some guys
Officer, she's always tellin' dumb lies
I've known her for six years, and she hasn't lifted a finger one time!
I said, "Where'd you get the cash from?"
She said, "I bartend, duhhh, from tips. I'm a waitress."
I said, "Where'd you get the cash from?"
She started stutterin' like, "Uhm-uhh-mmm, Marcus, wait just—"
I said, "Where'd you get the cash from?"
She said, "Ok, ok, I'll tell you, just promise me you won't get mad."
I'm like, "Baby, where'd you get the cash from?"
She said, "I work at a strip club… it's how I made the six grand."
I said, "Woaah, no… NOOO!"
I fell down in tears, my heart broke, I turned cold
I don't want the girl that I'm in love with doin' ho shit
If she needed cash I woulda loaned it, and she knows it
They won't let me get a refund on this $20,000 ring
Fuck, my head, it hurts, I need some ibuprofen

[Interlude: Hopsin & Police Officer]
— Yeah, Mr. Hopson, you need a minute?
— Um, may I have some water please?
— Ah, no worries at all.
— I don't mean to cry and get emotional, but all this just bothers me.
— Yeah, it's alright, you're good… yeah here ya go, mate!
— Thanks… *sips water*

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
I wasn't me no more
I looked her in the eyes and straight told her
(What'd you say to her?)
I need you to tell me where this strip club is at
Or this family we're about to have is over
I said, "Tell me where it's at!" — she said, "No."
I said, "You about to make me mad!" — she said, "So?"
I said "Bitch, you better panic and run, the damage is done
You're doin' this four months away from havin' my son! UGHN!"
I told her I would always have her back
I forgave her after all the careless acts
I have one question, and she couldn't share the facts
The strip club — how come she couldn't tell me where it's at?
Who the fuck she fuckin' in there?
Whose dick she suckin' in there?
Shakin' her fuckin' butt in the air
It's like we've argued for a thousand fuckin' hours, I'm annoyed
And I was at the point where somethin' was 'bout to get destroyed
I grabbed her purse, threw that shit across the room
I fuckin' launched it too
It was filled with makeup kits and all of her jewels
I blacked out; she said, "What the fuck is wrong with you?"
She got up out the bed to get it, I pushed her ass back in it
I said, "We're still talkin', bitch, you and I ain't finished
Now, this strip club, where is it? BITCH, WHERE THE FUCK IS IT?!"
I said, "You know what? Fuck it. Awesome. Fine."
In the process of all this drama, I had lost my mind
I felt lost and blind: the gym trainer, the strip club
The ring, the baby, she really crossed the line
And then I finally came down and all the madness was finished
Then she invited me to dinner with her family in Penrith
I said, "I ain't goin' with you, you can leave now
I need to stay in this hotel room and figure some things out."
Officer, I know you ain't gonna sympathize
I don't approve of any man puttin' hands on his girlfriend or wife
Especially when she's pregnant with his kid inside
Honestly feel like I wasn't in the wrong, but still I wasn't in the right
Ask her, she ain't got no bruises on her
I'm human, there's only so much that a dude can conquer
She knew that her actions reflected true dishonor
And tried to cover it, sayin' I'm an abusive monster
That's bullshit, huh, and that fast, poof
All of her wrongs are in the past, cool
She's just the innocent white girl
And I'm the black guy who always gets mad, true!
I know y'all about to make it hard for me to get back into Australia
Man, this shit is fuckin' sad, dude
I still don't know if this baby is mine or not
So when he's born, who's gonna be the fuckin' dad? You?