Yeah, I know you just ripped the packaging off your CD
If you're like me, you're reading the credits right now
If you're in your car, I don't care if it's winter
I want you to put all your windows down ... zone out ... buckle up ... let's go ...

[Verse 1]
Hello, it's Hova
That's right youngin, the wait is over
The new millennium is upon us, the album is here
Before we get into this shit let's get a few things clear
Rappers with no relation, that's 7 degrees of separation
And I'm Kevin Bacon
This is the murderous version
Jigga the shit, even when he rhyme in third person
Hova the god, I should be rapping with a turban
Haters can't disturb him, waiters can't serve him
Mike Jordan of rap, outside j workin'
Now watch how quickly I drop 50
I don't like playin', niggas can't stick me
Niggas cannot jam me, niggas can't get me
Slimmie at the Rucker wanna leave and spend with me
I consistently take 'em out the park like Ken Griffey
Do you believe? It's Hova the god ...

[Verse 2]
Well I'm the ghetto's answer to Trump
I'm cancer to The Hamptons
$20 million of guap, ransacking mansions
Increase the noise pollution soon as I land in
Don't even trust uppity white folk, keep the cannon tucked
Niggas try to lean on Jay, shots gonna stand you up
Glocks gon' pop, y'all not understanding much
I hustled for the ducats, well now I hustle for the rush
Like fuck it, baby, I just love it
Chicks now, say they like the way I thug it
Since my album dropped, my stock rose ... like I went public
Ladies, I love y'all, but I love my freedom more
I love my niggas, love to see them ball
I love Beans and Bleek
Them niggas like my Peter and Paul
My disciples
And that's right, we're coming for the title
Do you believe? It's Hova the god ...

[Verse 3]
Whoever thought young Shawn Carter would change the game?
Used to rap to the raindrops off my window pane
Duckin' the plain cops, pushing indo and 'cane
At the kitchen table, late night, no pen, just my brain
First album, niggas loved me 'cause they thought I was poor
Guess I'm successful, industry don't love me no more
But I'm the same nigga from your corner, bubblin' raw
Skully tilted, pants saggin', damn near touching the floor
And I come with do-rags to your so-called awards
T-shirt with my chain out, like fuck y'all all
Retrospect, ain't been the same since I lost my dad
He's still alive, but still, fuck you, don't cross my path
A&Rs had me feelin' like Moss in the draft
So I turned the league out with Reasonable Doubt
Get your CDs out
Let's go song for song
I'm the illest nigga doing it 'til y'all prove me wrong
Do you believe?
It's Hova the god ...