[Intro - gd]
One for the money, two for the show
We got the party people screamin' out (hey - ho)
Let's go!

[Vrs 1 - top]
On and on into the breaka-dawn
I got a mic and I just can't leave it alone
I be the T. O. P aiite!
I represent the Big Bang big thangs feel me I bring 'em like
Down and dirty you heard me it's straight whoa!
People gotta have it, they really won't let go, huh
Yo, I got it full control
Indeed I'm ridin' high no need to lay low

[Gd]
I'm psyked I'm rippin' the show
Tight like kick in the doe
That's right baby zero below
You know the gd got ya city throwin' em up
It's oh so - ficky ficky fresh! I give you nuttin' less
And if you ain't known by now I be the best
Ladi dadi we came to party yes yes
And while ya freakin' ya shawty let's just...

[Hook:]
Ahhhhhhhh Big Bang gon' raise the roof yall
So you know what to do yall
Just keep on rockin' em
Ahhhhhhhh Big Bang gon' raise the roof yall
Just keep on rockin' em

[Vrs 2 - top]
Damn yo'm killin' the flow got it pack wall to wall doe to doe that's
Quite incredible I know
And everybody in the place be tipsy
Amazin' what this be we blazin' it cripsy
Ya honey wanna get down with this, I make her bounce to this
Every ounce of this I shit'chu not
And it's the shit'chu not you know I hit the spot

[Gd]
Yeah, I wear my sunglasses at night, still 20-20
Suckas walkin' around talkin' all'at balony, damn homie you phony!
Be on about'cha biz what it is you ain't got nuttin' for me
Been an mc since my first sony
Rock many and plenty they wanna know me
I'm 50 karats you a cubic zakoni
Fall back let my people react, we in the zone yeah!

[Hook:]

[Bridge - yb]
All yall get'cha hands up, clap now
We gonna shake and tear the house down
I know you wanna do this right now
You gotta get up and move it to the sound
Love the way the kick drum plays now
I feel it in my heart, that's it now
I think I'm gonna count it off now...

[Vrs 3 - top]
Yeah, fire in the hole, It's a new load I'm killin'em slow
Make'em learn about the T. O. P - and how the story go
It's not nice - not pretty
Ya hear a crack when I'm full contact I'm crushin' down many

[Gd]
Yeah, uh, straight comin' through from the back shootin' Henny
People be gettin' wild just kickin' and rippin'em out
You know it's what it's all about when you move a crowd
Just raise the roof, now!

[Hook:]