Bridge

So... I... Said...

Don't let yo dreams melt like they Ice Cubes... Ice Cubes...

Don't let yo dreams melt like they Ice Cubes... Ice Cubes... Ice Cubes...

Verse 1

Felt like I was null and been voided
2015 got me feeling lost and distorted
2016 put me on recovery
Found myself searching in my soul I knew then God was important
I wasn't moving in forces... Like was I froze ain't no motion
I was sipping on potions... The alcohol got me floatin'

Man I felt 10 feet
10 deep
Waters... Knee high
Life's creek
Felt like most my dreams were on park... Or down on Empt(E)

Now... they ain't seeing my hands they now resent me, fret me
They had sights of my money but now they can't see
Damn... Most these fake old friends can't mind they own business
But you can't C Biz here the Money March in where?

You knew that I was reppin' the south
Cold Wind blowing bout
Keep it in mouth
If the ice don't melt then you never moved outta the house
Moving about

When I feel so down I put the ice in my Hennessy
I found my solution in alcohol like I was doing some Chemistry

Bridge

You gotta keep your dreams iced up man

You gotta let some shit melt... You gotta let somethings go

You know.. Like uh..
I like to keep it iced up
But you know... sometimes you gotta let somethings melt
I got a story for you... yeah...

Verse 2

This for that fine ass shawty I met
She like 5'9 or 10 man I bet
Oh girl you came into my life and I'll never regret it
You got a nice bright smile it enlightens my vision
Intimate conversations ill never forget em
And you could be with any nigga I know that you know that
But you been on a major problem you know that I know that
So let me heal you in your mind while I float in your own ears
While I float in your own ears

Bridge

I know that you been hurting your mind you!
Blame it on yourself and your perspective makes you blind you!
Gotta leave it behind the past will stay behind you!
Gotta look forward unplug the fridge up in your mind too...

Ice Cubes... Ice Cubes...
Yeah...