[Intro]
They've got the best equipment that money can buy. Hell, every team they're sending out here has their own personal masseuse, not masseur, masseuse! But, it doesn't matter, did you know that every mohawk competitor has electrocardiogram, blood and urine tests, every 48 hours to see if there's any change in his physical condition?

Did you know they use the most sophisticated training methods from the Soviet Union in East and West Germany and the newest Olympic power, Trinidad & Tobago. But it doesn't matter, it just doesn't matter, it just doesn't matter, I tell you it just doesn't matter, it just doesn't matter, it just doesn't matter, it just doesn't matter! Even if we win, if we win, ha! Even if we win, even if we play so far over our heads that our noses bleed for a week to 10 days, even if God from Heaven above points his hand at our side of the field, and even if every man, woman and child held hands together prayed for us to win, it just wouldn't matter!

[Verse 1]
I'm Jumping out the Camino
Slept at the gas station, smell like hot cheeto's
Recording soft-core on her Tivo, Ma, the meatloaf!
Re-smoke, got a vegan bitch in the Peace Corp
All she ever do is ask me what I eat meat for
Hold up! Pause!
Always up with the quota, boss
Wake up in polo, sleep in Lacoste
Travel across the world, but that didn't phase me
Couple people that I know, they happen to play me
Once they start to realize that I'm actually crazy
Shit I'm actually crazy! Um... and...
Q's phone gettin blown up by Lyor Cohen
Christian Dior, nothing I'm owning
Go to Hawaii fuck with Samoans
Get faded and sleep in the oceans
Keep it in motion
I'm rolling, yea, yea, I'm rolling
Keep it in motion
I'm rolling, yea, yea, I'm rolling
And your bitch wearing elbow pads
Sell her pussy over Melrose Ave
I've been to hell and back trying to get attached to my better half
Never that, the smiles so gone, so bring the coke on 'em
Higher than Voltron, with a bunch of gold on
Caucasians still love me like my name was Michael Bolton
Hold on
Do you fuckin' dirty like the soap gone
Froze on, it's bone chilling - colder than the Pope's secrets
Older than Capone's demons, coming from a place where there was no Jesus
Walking behemoth, I increase the Feces
Cause shit real, fly into your windshield and get killed
Buggin' out, had it all - I'm nothing now
I just gave it away
Fuck a label, Kane and Abell, put a name to a face
Um, yea
I bust your speakers with some bullshit rap
I'm on drugs, all my new shit wack
Remember that
I ain't shit but a fraud
But everyone I know ain't nothing to God (x2)

[Outro]
It kills you, it feeds off the Earth
A night like this, one of us could get up in the middle of the night Grab an axe and cut somebody's head off