[Verse 1]
..Make i start now ?
We going up and my team would never back down
You better back down, im on the track now
I go raw everytime my nigga smacks down
Shey i too dey flow ? shey i too dey rap like a pro
Ive been standing on this time bomb i know im gonna blow righhtt ?
Vodka for the cold nights
Never listen when they tell me go left i dey go right
Damn, thats true talk
Men you gats move forward no dey moonwalk
This is a freestyle me i never rap yet
Im feeling like robin cos i no dey miss my target then im balling out

[Hook: Michael Jackson sample]
He got kicked in the back
He say that he needed that
He hot willed in the face
Keep daring to motivate
He say one day you will see
His place in world history
He dares to be recognized
The fires deep in his eyes

[Verse 2]
Its that apex predator the top of the food chain
The dark knight of rap, lyrical bruce wayne
Im running every track like im usaine
Im killing everybody like im hussein
Howfar? tell me whats popping
I see the red light but you know im never stopping or dropping
Top striker still popping
With the kinda skill that leave you coughing in a coffin
Damn, did you feel that?
People asking me ugo do you still rap?
Im like .. bruh i ain't left
Working all night nigga i ain't even slept
Getting so much money haters thought that it was theft
Im just tryna go harder than the last nigga went
All white swag, men i dress to impress
With a bad bitch in an all black leather dress
Back to the topic, you praying that i lost it
But i control the game and y'all are just my puppets
So i feel like gippetto, no strings attached
I ain't talking bout the terminator when i say im bach
Back on the track drop a few rhymes
Lyrical miracke with the clinical lines
Apex, never seen last place
Two chicks f 1 like a car race
[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yo, whos back on the track i attack
Think about it for a second men let your brain crack
You never solve ? omo youre too slow
Abeg get away from here my name na ugo
And you know im feeling like farouk i would soon blow
Cloud 9 got me sleeping off on pluto
Same rapper still got that asthma
If ma nigga spits a verse thenugo would write a chapter
Attack her till she falls back
Its like school hair I'mma leave you all back
Intelligent? im always up in my element
Relevant how i kill a track for the hell of it
Ha, na me dey flow on top pidgin
Na me dey rap deaf people go dey listen
The blind go dey look, dumb people go dey talk
Paralyzed man go stand and the cripples go dey walk ha
APEX, tell me who dey rap pass?
Go against me men you can't last
Running my race you go pack last
I go overtake come first cos im that fast
Bastards, tryna bring me down dem go scatter
They never jam na me be james bond on top okada
Bad man still killing em
Apex be the name i hope you feeling him

[Outro]
Wan'nem kedu ? ke fi ne me gi ?
Bad status o'na bia, better get ready
Odikwa serious, odikwa steady
Ebenibe bobu kwagi if you near me