[Intro]
It's not color. Color doesn't really matter anymore. It's you. Your personality, your character, the way you carry yourself. The only color that's important is green. You know...money. Green power

So what you saying love?
So what you saying love?
So what you...
So what you...

[Verse One]
The circle in my cipher surfacing
Despite whatever's burdening my training
Contemplation relating my observations to it
Music imitating my human inclinations
Some use it infiltrating this culture they barely been exposed to
Buried in the over I'm carrying under
It's one in a mil', [?] success [?]
Unkept streets, my lungs breathe my surroundings
These scenes housing my themes my [?]
While eyes on open drama goes on like the domino effect
This only logical we searching for that pot of gold, designer clothes
You'll find the items are highest society afford it
But that surface chasing basis of every MC's recordings
In accordance with the morning star I rose before [?]
50 bars of metaphor, praising all two ways off the page
Beyond the [?] in my sight, show up in the light
Broaden my heights of mic, [?] with a similar pose
But

[Hook]
She's steady telling me this ain't enough
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz
And what you asking for is something I can't give

[Verse Two]
That's that same ole' diatribe
You might arrive at something innovative
If you stimulated your end with basis and wasn't so skin related
My pages consist of spaces of outlooks of looking out-
Side the cubical
The usual doesn't seem suitable
Steady hunting for something unmovable beyond reusable
Beef, recycled lines, I'm siphoning the rhymes who make the vinyl
Prime like the number with an instinctual hunger
Under night's cover I write, roll with the universe
A newly birthed truly immersed beneath the reaches of this exterior [?]
Exploring the source of this hip hop, still caught on this corporate
It's often just a shell of it's former self
When it was more than just record sales
Forgot to tell these cats the origin that they came from
So I'm creating, taking it back to phase one
Where money didn't balance a man's equation
She can't hear what I'm saying to her
It go...

[Hook]
So what you saying love? This ain't enough?
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz
And what you asking for is something I can't give

[Verse Three]
The bottom line's not always dollar signs
Recognize that we're running outta time
My mind inclined to take it then just some basement
Where it still remain a sacred notch and image of a superstar
Wipe away the makeup, examine exactly who we are
I'm writing this as suture scars
Figure where the future starts to stay within the present
And succeeding all they estimates
I love the crib but where I'm thinking is well beyond this residence
Travelling around the globe, returning home only to rest a bit
Focusing on the emphasis, of what it is to MC
This consequently evolving as this planet 360
This simply the path I'm destine to, well below the crescent moon
There's several styles in my legion in which I'm lending lessons to
Revolving at decibel
You gotta hear just what it is I'm saying to you
So what you saying...
It go

[Hook]
She's steady telling me this ain't enough
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz
And what you asking for is something I can't give