[Intro: Puff Daddy and Jay Z]
Bad Boys
Puff what up nigga? Let's go half on a boat!
Come out and play
You know we had to do a remix right? Me too. Uh, Young!

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
You niggas is ass, I put your ass in a bad play
This ain't no fair one get rid of you the fast way
Ski mask way, pull hammers from the coat
This ain't no handgun this shit will sink a boat
(What boat?)
Any one in the Atlantic, the S.S. Minnow the Titanic, send a distress single like poof
Red flairs in the air don't matter to me, send the army, coast guard, the whole faculty
I see and I raise you one, I raise guns like Bebe's kids
A Bad Boy but no I'm not Janice's, I'm Gloria's warrior when I flash the toolie you stiff like photographers
Y'all don't got heart for this art of war my arsenal is more awesome than yours
When Hov in the building niggas lost from the door, from the front porch cause I have no flaws

[Hook]
Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
No rap you rat you wack you bore me
I want to end your career but you gonna do it for me
I'm one of the greats
You know Young demand 'bout a hundred out the gate for a flyer with my face
I'm like Mariah with the cake, lord knows I'm 'bout to retire with Mase
All my broads look like Mya in the waist
All over the country like Shania in the face
I brought the pliers to the place, to apply pressure I don't know how you gonna take
Niggas acting like they flying with a cape
'Till I bring em to Earth then they hiring the Jake
Monkeys can't look the lion in the face
The king of the jungle nigga did I mumble?

[Hook]
Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear
I'm saying this slow so you clear
I put this little red laser in your ear

[Verse 3: Jay Z]
(Is he?)
Uh, I'm dead serious, save them games you play for Lil' Vicious
I bust a deuce-deuce in your bubble goose
God damn, Brooklyn to Hollywood I'm so good
The Roc denim jeans, uh, S Dots in green the red Roc chain
You gotta love it how he does it
(How he do it?)
How I hustle a dollar then I double it
Y'all ain't fucking with my déjà vu
Y'all can't double down the way I do
Nigga the Blueprint 2 I move three
Y'all can't move me from the number one spot runnin' numbers on S Dot

[Hook]
Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear
I'm saying this slow so you clear
I put this little red laser in your ear