[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Just Blaze]
Welcome to the house of pain, Just Blaze niggas

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
There's no way out, it seems I can't get free
Somebody tell me what's happening to me

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
The country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the 8-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that a killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hollow point slug
So when he licked shots
Niggas dropped quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the MAC-11 swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in a house of pain

[Hook: Mary J. Blige]
Is anybody listenin' and tell me can you can see this darkness surrounding me
Now it's gettin' colder heavy on my shoulder and it's gettin' hard to breathe
Visions gettin' blurry, I'm gettin' worried cause it's gettin' hard to see
When your livin' in the house of pain

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust?
My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go!
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got 'em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses is to stay alive
Skinny ass player watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin', I'm a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggas got they AKs headin' for the 'burbs
Aimin' at them skin headed bitches let it rain
Givin' 'em a wet welcome to the house of pain

[Hook: Mary J. Blige]

[Verse 3: Nas]
MJB, be worried niggas, yea, Nas

Wendy Williams say I stayed dusted maybe I should
Cuz these rappers'll have your phone tapped like Savion Glover
And on the West, yo, police corrupt, some are bloods
But these Teflons I loaded explodin' some mugs
I'm like Furious in "Boyz n the Hood"
But at the drive through I ain't runnin' I'm dumpin'
Crazy like a Piru and locc'd up, know how Nas do
I'm callin' Henchmen and Conception, to organize a black truce
And we party hard, party wit Nas
Since they ain't no more - Mardi Gras
And Bush won't apologize
I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize
And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize
Ya'll yellin' my name but y'all soon dyin'
Tryin' to portray real but they be ly-in
Cuz they want the real niggas to die so they can gain
But never that, this ain't Everlast, this the House of Pain

[Hook: Mary J. Blige]