[Verse 1: Slix]
See it was 2012 only a year ago
I found my head, I'm miles ahead
See it's a battle field, with or without your armor you're dead
Everyone's talking trash (Yeah, right)
So you better guard your head like Petr Cech
I'm done with the copper and lead
In case any of the feds, them'll hear me
I'm tryna cop three Beamers and Lexus
Roll through the city with a diva in Lexus
So solid flow on the track, I'm relentless
You tryna claim a swag that I invented
You tryna claim a class you ain't attended
Your flow's alright, I'm recommending
It can never be shots that you're sending
It can never be lives that you're ending
Put an end to your lies and pretending
See, I spit with so much machismo
So bitch, holla (Hey)
I might take a trip to Puerto Rico
Me and my amigos on a speed boat
I been fucking with two cashiers (Money)
We play hard like Bashir (Sunny)
Father with the flow, marvellous, you know
Doing this from day like Bashir
Superstar with two cap S's
You ain't gotta take two guesses
Roll to the dance with two lighties
And enough fam to fill up two guestlists
Dead, dead
Maxwell D flow, we run it red
Cash or cheque, pay me respect
Gimme that cheddar and bread

[Hook: Slix]
We mean no malice, we need a challenge
The media say we are savage and we are callous
When we go at it, leave it damaged, believe in magic
They hope we burn, the thought is tragic, the thought is tragic
Why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me?
I'm screaming why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me? Mario Balotelli

[Verse 2: Dirty Danger]
Young, flee and flash
Yeah they say that we're living our lives on the edge
Hanging on by the skin of my teeth with designer sneaks
Shelltoes to the bottoms, not red
Yeah I wanna did the last, so I live the last, chillin' with ice
I don't harass to think twice cos' I think wise
And I don't when the next pay cheque coming
But I know when it lands, It's gonna be nice
Wanna glamorize us then despise us
Tell the country why they shouldn't like us
There ain't never been another crew just like us
Loved in the hood but they still wanna fight us
A big change from tracksuits to black suits
We inspiration for those black youts
It's motivation, feel that boost
I can educate you for years

[Verse 3: Tinchy Stryder]
Yeah, Ruff Sqwad mandem, sick team
My reality's giving them mixed dreams
Pay me ten bags for the feature
Won't get more than a sixteen
And I said no to the BB House
Figure they offered a man like wow
Coulda got a Beamer, Benz or a Bentley
And another three-bedroom house
Heard I'm a trending topic
Now they're all discussing my profits
Six figures on taxes
That's a full stop to the gossip
Can't wait till I bring another beast out
Stone cold, I can make hell freeze out
I can make songs, I can really freestyle
Strydes, go check my views out

[Hook: Slix]
We mean no malice, we need a challenge
The media say we are savage and we are callous
When we go at it, leave it damaged, believe in magic
They hope we burn, the thought is tragic, the thought is tragic
Why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me?
I'm screaming why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me? Mario Balotelli

[Verse 4: Prince Rapid]
Uh, yo, they say I'm living on the edge
Little did they know that I'm wishing on a regular
Basis, cos' I got a vision in my head
My whole crew generating money with familiar faces
Aces, two hundred K for a PA
Same night, fly back, airline: BA
Hate in my face but you know I can't see
Think cos it's all in the game like EA
One hit wonder
I make hits and I make hits
And after that I'm gonna make another hit
After that I'm gonna make another hit 'til I can't hit no more
I'm so sure
That the ball's gonna be in my court in a matter of time
It's in the back of my mind, uh huh
The way I believe in myself anybody would've thought that
I've tatt'd my mind
Follow me on a mission
I lay hooks down quicker than fishing
Me don't look down, Jesus has risen
Look back and you'll cause a collision
The underdog's switching
My mind was conditioned, they told me I can't and I listened
Now I broke out the cycle, they say I'm an idol
But I'm just a wicked musician, listen

[Hook: Slix]
We mean no malice, we need a challenge
The media say we are savage and we are callous
When we go at it, leave it damaged, believe in magic
They hope we burn, the thought is tragic, the thought is tragic
Why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me?
I'm screaming why always me? Why always me?
Why always me? Why always me? Mario Balotelli