[Intro: Notorious B.I.G. + (Lil Cease)]
Fam, you know what I'm sayin? (No doubt, man)
The motherfuckin shit just get me so motherfuckin' mad
‘Cause, you know, that was my nigga, you know
And like, I had just got the nigga Puff card and shit (yeah)
I knew the shit was 'bout to go down
And my man was like hyping me
'Bout everywhere we go, me and O (Pluggin' it)
Me and O be together, and the nigga be like
"Watch, I'm telling you when my man get on, it's gonna be some shit, we ain't gonna have to sell this shit no mo'
I'm telling you" (Aight?)
And the nigga just got moked out like that, man (Tch)
That shit fucked me up ,man
(That shit fucked a whole lot of niggas up, man)
Yo, man, I loved that nigga O too (say word)
That was my motherfuckin' heart

[Intro 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
Yeah, dedicating this to my nigga O
We miss you, nigga
Going out to all the young niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin' blunts to all you niggas; word up

[Hook: 112]
Each and every day
The daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin' just like you
Why'd you go away?
I've been missin' you lately
Tell me what you're going through, oh yeah

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
I remember sellin' three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, reigned on competition like a shower
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead Kevin
In '88, when Kane ruled with "Half Steppin'"
A .38, a lot of mouth was our only weapon
We was kings till the D's crept in; and now I'm missing 'em

[Hook: 112]
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why

[Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
We work all week, weekends we play the movies
We rocked flatops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin', even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me
Fuck it! Fed up, my nigga wanted to take it down South
Sick of cops coming, sick of throwing jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em "Go that route!"
Few months, he got his brain blown out, now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin', blamin' me
And his older brothers understand the game it be
Kinda topsy turvy; you win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother, they mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in N.Y.?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I'd look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye; damn, I'm missin' him

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
There was this girl around the way that made cats drool
Her name's Drew, played fools out they money in pool
People swore we was fuckin', but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my joints after school
She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin' with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby 'fore that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheating
Now Drew, she gotta slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived – what my baby had to die for? Missin' her

[Hook]