[Intro]
Excuse me
May I have everyone's attention please
I just want to
Talk for a moment

[Verse 1]
Hello people, how you doing today
Imma introduce myself, let me tell you my name
Kasland, and I'm from the lone star state
Grew up on a street called Lovers Lane
That's gay (that's gay) yeah, but I don't swing that way
This my life story so believe what I say
Only three years old when my dad walked out
So my mom picks me up every time I fall down
Ok, let's move on to the next chapter
Then I grew up and became a rapper
Met St. James at the age of sixteen
Now he's like my dad, he taught me everything
By no means change who you are
Just change your approach and you'll be a big star
So I took his advice, now this rap shit's easy
Blowing up big as Mr. K. Sleezy

[Hook]
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not Lil Weezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not S. Beezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not C. Breezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not A. Reezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not Young Jeezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not Bow Weezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not Kanyeezy
I'm Mr. K. Sleezy, I'm not T. Peezy

[Verse 2]
Sitting in my room half naked in my red socks
Only thing I do with my life is play Xbox
Mess with rappers minds, make them all want to kill me
I'm the one who made V.I.C get silly
Your mind's on kush, my mind's all mush
I give it a little push then I squeeze it like a toosh
An idea popped out! A hit it is sure to be
Call up Dr. Arab so he can start the surgery
Sometimes I wonder, is St. James proud of me
L sainT's mature, but I just don't know how to be
Got a weird mentality, don't like to rap without a beat
Trying to find maturity, but it just won't come out of me
If you ever watch the hip-hop awards that go all night long
I'm the one in the crowd with the sign that says hi mom
Crazy, I think I might be mental
But that's ok, just hand me my pencil

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Hey man, there's a hip-hop A&R in town
She's looking for talent, you should have her check you out
Oops, I screwed up, I didn't show her this song
I got all tangled up in a cordless phone
What's going on, am I alive or am I dead
I can't tell the difference between my mind and my head
Sitting in my shower with a straight jacket on
Thinking of my next song, where did I go wrong
D. Prince probably going to go insane
When he hears what I did with this beat that he made
But one way or another I had to make you see
These rappers trying to be different, I'm trying to be me
I'm the type of guy to walk up say what's happening
Kick you in the nuts then run away laughing
D. Prince in the booth ripping tracks so furious
Put my ass cheeks on the glass, ask why so serious

[Hook]