[Intro]
"Tell me a story, Hoyt."
"My story?"
"No, not your story. A story. Because you can't keep your mouth shut long enough for me to read my paper. Tell me a story."
"I don't think I know any stories."
"You don't know any stories? Okay, I'll tell you a story."

[Verse 1]
Used to live in my own part of the darkness
Managed all growth in a land of sinners and heartless
Harlots, haters, love sold for profit
And if it ain't gold, then it ain't worth your thoughts, kid
I was stuck on Ghandi and Marley
Stuck on a feeling that went way beyond me
Then I fell in love with a pretty little mami
And my thoughts of changing the world were all behind me
Temporarily, but now it's so clear to me
Everything is different, things change so suddenly
Things down the road, now they rolled up right in front of me
People giving praise that used to be making fun of me
I went from rolling in a pick up in the back woods
To picking up back woods and rolling in the hood
The women I fucked were backwards
Now I got a bad one going backwards giving up the goods
They used to tell me "no more bad words"
But I've been bad from the beginning, they ain't about to turn me good
I used to be sort of a bastard
Now I got my head right, mastered, being who I knew I would

[Chorus]
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you could call us what? Nothin
What? Nothin
What? Nothin
My story, my story, story, story, story
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you could call us what? Nothin
What? Nothin
What? Nothin
My story, my story, story, story, story

[Verse 2]
Mama, I’m sorry, I'm not gon' be an American Idol
Because I feel like America’s so idle
Like here we are in a crumbling world
Tested by time and old generations, and we are failing the finals
Kids killing kids--so unnecessarily primal
And now we’re here and our timing is so vital
Women focused on getting rained on, I mean showers
And no, honey, I'm not referring to bridal showers
While world powers spend hours upon hours
Arguing over how to turn activists into some cowards
How to take ideas from those of us that are shouting about what's ours
And make us whisper those thoughts to ourselves:
“Look, don’t act homie, just get high all the time
People die all the time, we’ll just bide all our time"
If you’re fine with the nine being part of the life of the child who could shine
Who loses his mind over bitches and dimes
Or nickels and dimebags
Or tuition prices or religious signs
Who refuses to lie down, and acts sort of shy
Till he's ready to die alongside k-through-nine --
Are we okay with that? Apparently so
Because they do it and we take it, and we can't let it go
Newscasters say their names a million times in a row
And wonder why the next nobody is so ready to go down that road
I can recall when I was drowning and hopeless
And somebody gave me a pen and pad to flow with
We ain't so lucky, drowning with no one to notice
If you are the above, then come on and just focus
This is for the lovers, haters, drinkers, the smokers
Rappers, actors, women, politicians and jokers
My name is Shy King, baby, a.k.a. Outis
Fucked around and wrote a mixtape that sounds like an opus Oh!

[Chorus]