[Party Arty] Now look me in my eyes and tell me what you see
[A.G.] The neighbahood sickness so get with this (Repeat X2)

[Party Arty]
Yo! You step to me with a style that's good, miss
Battle me around, bitches when I'm finished they say "Oh my goodness!"
I grab the jack and shank the nigga with a knife
The last nigga that fought me ended up fighting for his life
What! I'm quick to leave a nigga comatose
I'm putting niggas to rest from the East or the West Coast
A crazy motherfucker if you've never seen one
Always pack the heat and I sleep with a machine gun
Now you know you can't see this
Where I come from, many die, you'll get crucified like Jesus
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Seventeen in the clip, so nigga put your dick in the dirt

[A.G.]
The best that ever did it, so back up and maintain
I manifest who I be on your chest just like a name chain
They think they know of me cause of my poetry
You think you're nice, right, then grab the mic and try to flow with me
It's a shakedown, no wins when I'm in town
Wear my flakes now since I put them corny Tims down
I'm hysterical when it comes to the lyrical
You want to get physical, that's a Goodfella ritual
Get with you? Yeah, I can get with ya
Step to me, A.G., it best to be for my signature

[Party Arty]
Yo, you know my style, gimme yours since I got mines
Step up and get done with the gun called the Glock 9
I keep the nappy head flowy
I get wreck with a Tec under my Woolridge, when it's snowy
Ayo, I gots to keep it real, G
I get crazy, so please don't blaze me, nigga kill me
I'm running wild like a gang from L.A
Telling niggas don't think, give me your link and your Pelle Pelle

[A.G.] Look me in my eyes and tell me what you see
[Party Arty] I see the A to the G-I (Rolling with) Show B-I (Repeat 2x)

[A.G.]
It's the A to the G so don't sleep
My second LP and I'm in too deep
Always keep a low so you know I'm going to creep
Always had to rumble in the jungles of the concrete
Now a nigga try to set it, he'll regret it
If he's the crowd favorite, then he'll just get upsetted
Brothers better quit when I get into my shit
Today, tomorrow, Apollo, Fever, or The Ritz
I'm the nicest, like almighty Isis
You want my flow, no it's priceless
Got to set it, G, to let 'em know my pedigree
If your skills ain't rap, then perhaps you should let it be

[Party Arty]
Yo, I'm not Cypress Hill but I'm still insane
I come with this ruggedness that be fucking with your brain
Niggas always talking about how hot they are
But I got that boom bap, orginal rap like the K-R
S One, the 6'4" wrecking team is killing crews
Fuck around and get broke down like syllables
It's Party Arty and the nigga that you've heard of son
My rhymes are like Tec 9's, my techniques are murder one

[A.G.]
I'm strange, deranged, mentally disturbed
A lunatic that's soon to flip on any nigga (Word)
Chill in my rest 24-7, no less
They protest cause I'm so def (Oh yes yes)
My brother's keeper with the flow like Aretha
Like the Grim Reaper, my murder weapon is a speaker
If a sucker steps he'll get ate up
No cash for the blast, I'm smoking White Owls straight up
And I'm a leave it on that note
Peace to Cock T, L.D., and Wally World pass the smoke

[A.G.] Look us in our eyes and tell us what you see
[Party Arty] Some real brothers from the gutter, that's word to mother (Repeat 4x)