Intro
Eskiboyo

Verse 1
I wanna talk about the black boy tune that Bash done
Me I’m blacker than a black-cat, gun and a glass of white rum
Three black cars, choose one it’s a black one
Young black boy too much money in a Nike shoe box, I ain’t that one
Got a new shirt it’s a black one, came from a black slum
Black stone island coat runaway yeah that one
Ive been buying garms since manaman had an old [?], black one
Got a new Versace jeans suit, with the ‘09 pradas, pair of black ones
Choice of which? You see me in a black one
Black boys drive black Bentleys with black leather seats, I am that one
I am the original black one, role model, I can’t black one
And if you ain't got dough better stack some

Verse 2
Was a black boy now I am a black man, if I lost my life now I couldn’t say I didn’t have one
Even though Im on a mad one, Im glad I never felt bad like, say I didn’t have one
I used to live life like nobody’s picnic, now I’ve got a bank card, black one
Black men ain't meant to have black cards, Bentleys, got them anyway
Big money deal next year, Im gonna catch one
Black star made money black stars to the year but not one
See the other year try trap one, disrespect them, exchange energy, clap one
8s, 16s, 24s, 32s, 64s, new roadster, black one
Got a black attitude, too many enemies, don’t be surprised if you see me attack – one, one
I got a brand-new C.P jacket, it’s a black one
JME’s got an M5, it’s a black one
So who’s black? I am black history that ain't a mystery
Brand new maccys? Black ones, V Jumps? black ones
See me doing stage shows, go through the back ones
Any imposters, then I gotta clap one, clap one, clap one
Gs like me you are never gonna trap one cause I don’t tolerate any back chat but
Yeah Im a star, Im a black one. Black, black, black, I’m so black I make a rat run
Kick it in the road and make you friend Jack run
How much do you stack huh? You don’t stack none
That’s why they can’t get dark and in three decades they can’t catch one

Verse 3
I told them, imma MC again, but my pocket ain't empty again
When Im gone everyone’s filling up tanks but when I’m come back, they’re empty again
Ive got too much you resent me again, but you better not tempt me again cause
I’ll fly around with the “boo doo do do” and spray both of them till they’re empty again
So forgot everybody, don’t friend me again
Where I been can’t send me again
Ive been through the cold and the place you can’t go so don’t ever say you’re gonna end me again
PPL? Ten G again. I ain't here to defend any ends but I defend myself to the end
I don’t wanna be your friend, don’t like me? Send for it again
First line I said imma MC again, write so much bars like I’ll empty a pen
Back in the day, on the roof at danger, when Lethal B got ended again
Ive got 7 and 8s but I roll with a 10, Louis Vuitton luggage Im rolling again
If you don’t see me dominate them charts one day I’ll drive a swag rover again
Well I go to war where the odds are against me, like, Tucker and Daniel, holder again
A few years, Im older again, Ive been doing stage shows sober again
I came from the hood and I done what I could, but it’s not about that I’m a soldier again
Money in my pocket and you’re never gonna stop it
So you’re gonna have to call your olders again

Verse 4
Please don’t bother, cause my flows proper, I rolled round Manny, patrolled FootLocker
See I’m a town hopper, ex-brown shotter, the next show stopper
Taught Harry Potter, invite everybody I ain't never been a blocker
Dudes wanna talk about “that’s my dance” or “this is the sweet this ain't no tick tocker.”
I didn’t stop cause I ain’t no flopper
I’m colder, I don’t give a damn if you’re hotter. You’re flow ain't proper. I’m a chart topper
You ain’t been higher. Imma go clock her
See you in the ranks where the dough gets better after one tune, I saw my dough get long
Still better than clipper, better than blocker, but I’m in sight, you’re a window shopper
You take me down? You are off your rocker

Verse 5
If we’re on a mission when I speak dissing, cause I don’t want see another crime sheet written
And I’ve been slipping before
So if you hear what I’m saying there’s gonna be less chance of you tripping
Make a new beat, 8 bars into the 16 bars make a sub base kicking
Whole crowd’s flipping, I learnt from stick-ins, the first ball-boy running right on the riddim
In the chart I’m whizzing, champagnes fizzing, if I’m in a west end club bring biz in
What’s the car now bro? I got vision. The iPods full out, can I not listen to your songs?
Wait Kylie and Dylan, besides that, Dizzee and Wiley are driven by money
So it’s hard to say if they’ll listen to each other on tv, radio or riddims
I won’t snatch at you man, I’ll snatch it. Throw a in-di-yar and I will catch it
Even if you live for the title-belt, it’ll vanish. As soon as you try grab it, the gods won’t have it
Your girl’s not satisfied by you so, she’s got to rub it
When it comes it comes to music, Wiley’s a gannet, the most unusual star on the planet
And I’m nothing like go-go gadget, your old bros had it, and you can’t manage
Going on like you was a lyrical savage, I’ve got more layers than a light green cabbage
I keep telling them, they keep asking but I Don’t know Sally, don’t know Janet
Don’t chat to man about Wiley, you link them gyal, I live life, I don’t plan it
And you better know when I’m shopping I ball out
First grime kid on this earth I’m going all out
‘Nuff of them lose the plot and then fall out
It’s not my fault. I’m the one you can’t rule out
I’ve got your wifey on call out, but I don’t go there, told her I don’t care
When I’m on the strip, whips, I bring em all out
Bikes and chains, the lot, I bring em all out

Verse 6
Bring em all out, bring em all out, when I come on the scene, phones ringing all out
I’ve got another brother in the game who tried to stop my work, cool, we ain’t gonna fall out
See, I just wanna number 1 so I can ball out more, hear my name get called out more, more, more
Gonna do an all-out tour, there won’t be a ticket on sale, I sell out
I got lyrics that are straight from the heart, and you got lyrics that’ll rise from a bar
But it’s all good though cause you got the likkle man flow but I’m a big man in the charts
I got a big whip, not a gold car, I made it a decade, I’m gonna go far I’m like
“Rah, this soundboy’s still alive”, you could die from one I’ve got 21 scars
Ain't gonna stop till I got 21 cars, for the enemies, now that’s 21 pars
When I come around, you better ring the alarm, spray a 16 bar that’s, hotter than tar, yeah I par
I’m like nah I won’t have a bar from a likkle man star cause
Manaman know I’m bad I wanna roll on my own while you got roll on your own in the dark
Verse 7
Yes, who am I? I’m the best in England. North, South, East and West
You can ask anybody if I got the big boy tunes on the road they will tell you yes
Yes, I got a diamond bezzle, champagne flakes I climbed a few pegs and
Next time you see me I’ll be in my R6 its, gun metal grey on the 08 reg, reg
So far from the edge might see me on fuzz might see me on hedge
And in my lane I’m so far ahead its unusual but I talk to the de- de- de- de- de- dead
Yeah I talk to the fed, to the soundboy he thought he was walking again
Got one title, he’s got the other one, whole family’s smiling again and again

Verse 8
Yeah
It’s Wiley again
None of you better not try me again
You don’t see me in the hood much
Cause now I’m going I’m grimey again
Top gear, you’ll see me in a Lambo, money up, everyting tidy again
Trust me I know this flow so well makes me remember I’m Wiley again
You might me see me on the river with your wifey again

Outro
Yeah! Eskiboy! 2008! Who said man can’t spit? Pricks. Man can still do this ting, seckle