Haha, you know, the real funny fuckin' world we live in. It was just yesterday, that we were takin' the rock'n'roll from the blacks. And now today in the ninetys when they use samples of rock'n'roll we're suing their asses
You gotta love it, hahaha!

So take it slow amigo... feeling ??? and laid back low
Make it sweet
Make it sweet
Now

Back off, crack off, slack off, act off your instinct
And think in a wink, or blink, I'll make your body shrink
I use ink and memory, my record companies selling me
My fans be telling me I'm the greatest
You hate this, rigid, metaphysical, criminal minded poet
Don't blow it, if it's lost, I'll show it
If its torn, I'll sew it
It's kinda off beat yeah I know it
The styles I originate, I don't wait for fate
I practice love not hate
But MCs get ache, because they wait and hesitate on the act
But always can debate on that trivial fact
This is KRS and I'm black!
Same color as the brothers in Iraq
War is wack, especially when you die in vain
Bush invaded Panama, how can you really place blame on Hussein?
Regardless of the name
The insane economic game has got to change
Like a range rover over the plains
I come equipped to rip shit
Not ignorant, intelligent - artistic -
Inquisitive - poisitive and negative
The sedative is the poetry I give
How yah live KRS is in the house!

Word up! And you don't stop...

So take it slow amigo... feeling ??? and laid back low
Make it sweet
Make it sweet
Now

The poisonous product (is) pimped out to poor people
Penetrates pieces of their thinking equal
It comes in peaceful thru the "TELL-LIE-VISION"
Distorts your vision now the lies got you wishin' thru transmission
You wanna be a better Christitan
You wake up sunday mornin' to watch "TELL-LIE-VISION"
Mission - Christians be sayin "Accept Jesus in your life"
Christianaty was founded 400 years after Christ
What do you accept in your life?
Christianity or the teachings of Christ?
Make up your mind, they're not the same thing
In 1992 the blind leads the blind
Right into the ground they can't show you where god is
Because they haven't found!
First - put down the Bible and release your sins
The Bible is dead, god is alive
Within, metaphysically speaking, I'll be clearer
You wanna see god? Take a look in the mirror!
A tree is always known by its fruit
A human being can walk up right or crawl like a brute
Yeah, now who do you salute?
The barbarian teaches us to hate our roots!
Despise our culture, look for culture
In another man's existance. Resist this -
Resist this master plan...
To turn the black man into a statistic
Why? Cuz he's materialistic
He wants to make a record but thru none of the logistics
Of it - Love it or leave it alone
Blastmaster KRS is on the microphone
In the houuuuuseee...

So take it slow amigo... feeling ??? and laid back low
Make it sweet
Make it sweet
Now