2/9Coming soon2/2Pop Community Outreach
- PerryMac82: New editor
- Drummerdudebg: Super excited to lead Christian Genius
- MariahAGriego: Great transcriber, new editor
Christian Genius community intros
Got in touch with Word label about getting a verified artist

Pop Editorial Quality
Christian Genius forum post
Edited song: Fireblazin
FourFiveSeconds postlet

Transcription, Backfill, COVOPS
Nice graphs here along with other changes to the spreadsheet
Coordinated next steps for Rap and Country
Planned to share the spreadsheet with transcribers
Easier way to find lyrics
I did an audit with the “New Music This Week” playlist and it was very easy. We could make this a weekly thing/add it to the scribe-a-thon
Other good playlists to audit: Movie Soundtrack Hits '15, Coachella '15 Headliners & Lineup, Top 100 Country Tracks
Bring Ali on to talk about contests around YouTube playlists
Christian music cleanup crew and transcription priority list

Week by the numbers

1/26We had MLK day and I was sick for 2 1/2 days, so I didn't do much this week. We'll catch up next week!

Pop Community Outreach
Sent feedback to a few new users
Drafted the community staffer poll results
Ricky Dillon’s song page that I put up last week never really popped off (but then again, neither did his EP)
Audited search results for some of our meme pages

Transcription, Backfill, COVOPS
Coverage went up from 67% to 72%
I updated our tracking tools to measure our 2014 backfill progress

Week by the numbers
New texts: 7
New tates: 30
Tates edited: 26
IQ earned: 525
Texts interacted with: 62
Users messaged: 15
Messages sent: 24
Forum posts: 12
Discussions posted in: 8
Non-forum upvotes given: 83

1/19Pop Community Outreach
Good firehose session on Thursday
Messaged new users, but not much response
PerryMac82: got a response, excited to be editor, huge potential for Christian music
Community staffer poll (draft, poll, results, summary)

Pop Editorial Quality (meme threads)
Created Elvis Costello Cleanup
Created Christian Music Cleanup
Created Person Shift thread
Title [Review] (lots of action)
Uptown Special (quality editorial work, exciting Chabon tates)
50 Shades (not much action now; next step is shell pages)
Elastic Heart (nice discussion, meme video, lots of new views)
Explaining the Obvious

Transcription, Backfill, COVOPS
Cleaned up Q2 for Rock/Pop with links
Updated the structure of the 2014 tracking spreadsheet
Niday delivered new priority strategy: stars!

1/12Pop Community Outreach
Community staffer poll re-structure
Delegated a versatile new user for Ewok to coach

Pop Editorial Quality
New Sia video!

Transcription, Backfill, COVOPS
Got all 5 Q1 calendars from Niday, looking good
Touched base with to Niday about new goals, tracking spreadsheet, @transcribers forum, new strategies for site-wide transcription
Did some coverage gap analysis: Youtube (thread, tag) and American Idol (thread, tag)

Week by the numbers
New texts: 9
New tates: 58
Tates edited: 26
IQ earned: 1091
Texts interacted with: 55
Users messaged: 7
Messages sent: 14
Forum posts: 41
Discussions posted in: 20
Non-forum upvotes given: 46

Remember to take the poll and tell me how you feel about the work I'm doing

1/5

I was on break and I'll had tons of fun showing my friend around NYC

12/22

This week I ordered all my Christmas presents on Amazon, spent a thousand dollars online buying furniture, and did laundry for the first time since moving to the new apartment. Oh, yeah, and some Genius stuff too!

Pop Community Outreach
Nicki Minaj request for questions post (to merge with the questions document I had created before)
Reached out to new Nicki Minaj whitehats
Coached b3autykill3r on new annotations

Pop Editorial Quality
Helped clean up Nicki’s album
Wrote Nicki’s postlets/copy for promotion
Prepped a few new ETWD entries (no video yet)

Transcription, Backfill, COVOPS
Started the 2015 Pop release calendar (not done yet)
Transcribed/coordinated Madonna’s leak
Did ISRC and LRC research
Wrote a detailed action plan for the All Songs Ever taskforce

Week by the numbers
New texts: 9
New tates: 49
Tates edited: 91
IQ earned: 1106
Texts interacted with: 77
Users messaged: 20
Messages sent: 59
Forum posts: 44
Discussions posted in: 26
Non-forum upvotes given: 110

12/15

It's Barbie, bitches! Nicki Minaj's album The Pinkprint dropped last week around the world (and in the US today), so that's been my main focus. Her songs are on point, we're winning most of the searches, and right now I'm working with the rap staffers to turn up the quality and make people want to stay on the site longer. I postletted on rap, put together this microsite,  updated the tracklist, fixed some transcription errors, and stalked Nicki on twitter for updates.  I also messaged some Nicki superstars to start coaching them. I'm in love with all the new contributors I found

I also posted a new Pop Priorities thread on our forum: y'all quickly helped me update Chali XCX's lyrics according to the official lyrics we got from her team, and the UK folks are helping us backfill a meme UK album that we missed a few weeks ago. Go pop team!

Week by the numbers
New texts: 0 (I'm cooking up a strategy to do these automatically instead of manually)
New tates: 46
Tates edited: 121
IQ earned: 1355
Texts interacted with: 95
Users messaged: 24
Messages sent: 46
Forum posts: 49
Discussions posted in: 19
Non-forum upvotes given: 134

12/8


This week I'm feeling 22: it was my birthday on Sunday. I was off on Monday moving boxes (I finally found an apartment!), so you're getting this update one day late

· Got a list of top 10,000 songs ever. I programmatically determined that at least 4k are already on Genius. I'll have MobileWorks go through and check the rest manually
· Stalked the firehose twice and messaged new users
· Marina postlet

Week by the numbers
Since this update is a day late, you're seeing data from last Wednesday through this Tuesday

New texts: 6
New tates: 29
Tates edited: 39
IQ earned: 755
Texts interacted with: 67
Users messaged: 15
Messages sent: 22
Forum posts: 23
Discussions posted in: 16
Non-forum upvotes given: 48
12/1


Last week was a #lite week. We had Thanksgiving break, and I just moved to NYC!!! That's right folks, I packed up everything and flew to the city that never sleeps. If you really want to know my misadventures in the city, you should friend me on facebook. #orsomething

· Promoted new Pop verifieds: Heffington and Shears
· Created the community staffer poll
· Drafted a plan to get every song ever up on Genius
· Updated the month of November in the Q4 Calendar
· Pop Priorities Post: what to transcribe
· Pop Transcription November Wrap-Up: looking back at the whole month
· Cleaned up FWU
· Cleaned up TPP's tracklist

Normally I'll have some numbers for you (annotations created, users messaged, etc), but the report was a lil messed up this week. We'll get it figured out by next week. I love you all. Stay ***flawless