From
Psychopathia Sexualis
With Especial Reference to Contrary
Sexual Instinct; A Medico-Legal Study

AUTHORIZED TRANSLATION

OF THE

SEVENTH ENLARGED AND REVISED GERMAN EDITION


Case 134. Contrary Sexual Instinct Acquired through Masturbation. — Mr. X., merchant, aged 29. Father's parents healthy. Nothing nervous in father's family. Father was an irritable, peevish old man. One brother of the father was a man-about-town, and died unmarried. Mother died in third confinement, when the patient was six years old. She had a deep, rough, masculine voice, and coarse appearance. Of the children, one brother is irritable, "melancholic," and indifferent to
Women

When a child, patient had scarlet fever with delirium. Until his fourteenth year he was light-hearted and social, but, after that, quiet solitary, and  melancholic." The first trace of sexual feeling appeared
In his tenth or eleventh year, and at that time he learned masturbation from other boys, and practiced mutual onanism with them. At the age of thirteen or fourteen, ejaculation for the first time. Patient has felt no evil results of onanism until the last three months

In school he learned easily, but was troubled with headaches. After the age of twenty, pollutions, in spite of daily practice of onanism. ..In his seventeenth year he was seduced into mutual onanism by a man having a love for men. He found satisfaction in this inasmuch as he was always very passionate sexually. It was a long time before the patient again sought new opportunities for intercourse with
Males. He did it simply to rid himself of semen. He felt no friendship or love for the person with whom he had intercourse. He felt satisfaction only when he played the passive role — when mastrubation was practiced on him. When the act was once completed, he had no respect for the individual. If it happened that, later, he came to respect the man, then he ceased to indulge in the act with him. Later it became indifferent to him whether he masturbated or had masturbation practiced
On him. When he himself practiced onanism, he always thought of men practicing onanism on him during the act. He preferred a hard, rough hand

The patient thought that, had he not been led astray, he would have arrived at a natural mode of satisfaction of his sexual desires. He never felt love for his own sex, though he had pleased himself with the thought of loving men. At first he had had sensual inclinations toward the opposite sex. He had taken pleasure in dancing, and he had been pleased with women, but he had taken more pleasure in the figure than the face. He had had erections at the sight of women that pleased him. He had never attempted coitus, for fear of infection ; whether he was potent or not with women, he did not know

While previously, in his sensual dreams, he had had ideas of both men and women, of late years he had dreamed only of approaches to men. He could not remember that he had dreamed, in late years, of sensual relations with a woman. At the theatre, as well as in the circus and ballet the feminine figure had always interested him. In museums masculine and feminine statues had affected him equally (...)

The patient was calmed, and given hope for the future, provided that he give up onanism and attempt to transfer his sexual desires from persons of his own sex to females

December 13th. To-day the patient came, in a disturbed condition of mind, complaining that, unaided, he was unable to resist the impulse to masturbate, and he asked for help. A trial of hypnosis induced a condition of deep lethargy in the patient. He was given the following suggestions : —

1. I can not, must not, and will not masturbate again

2. I abhor the love for my own sex, and shall never again think men handsome

3. I shall and will become well again, fall in love with a virtuous woman, be happy, and make her happy

December 14th. While out walking to-day, patient saw a handsome man, and felt himself powerfully drawn toward him. From this time there were hypnotic sittings every second day with the above suggestions

December 18th (fourth sitting), somnambulism occurred; the impulse to onanism and interest in men disappear

At the eighth sitting complete virility was added to the above suggestions. The patient feels himself morally elevated and physically strengthened. The neuralgia of the testicles has disappeared. He now found that he was without sexual feeling

He now believed himself free from masturbation and contrary sexual inclination

After the eleventh sitting he thought that further help was unnecessary. He wished to go home, and marry. He felt well and potent. Early in January, 1890, treatment ceased. In March, 1890, the patient wrote :"I have since had several occasions on which it has been necessary for me to use all my moral strength in order to overcome my habit, and, thank God, I have been successful in freeing myself from this vice. Several times I have had opportunity for sexual intercourse, and I have found pleasure in it. I look calmly on my happy future."