[Verse 1: Dels]
I started off drawing the Wu Logo on graph paper
Then words started pouring, I pissed off my neighbour
My little sisters banging on the floorboards
Whilst I’m below plotting to be a warlord
The dangargan, gun fingers fill the room
Marley’s on the decks, brother wheel the tune
Applause sounds like gun clap at the darkest hour
I died a thousand deaths, metaphorical lead shower
Although we’re seemingly unscathed...
We throw darts ’til we’re deemed to release rage
16 by 16, with big dreams, the truth?
I’ve seen some sick things and brought them to who?
To confront the demons, to calm down the bruising
I always feel like I’m losing...
Brother, I was just like you, throwing two fingers up like the Legion Of Doom
That’s a tag team of hate for all of my enemies
I’d rather spread love, that’s the energy
Immersed in the melodies, dripping many colours on the beat
What are you telling me?! That I’m just reminiscing?
Trying not to lose the feeling, feeling I’m slipping
Sinking deeper in the sand but I can’t lose sight go the ethos, my man

[Hook: Dels]
It’s been a long time now...
But I say what I’m seeing, Say what I’m seeing
And when we strip it back, I don’t recognise it

[Verse 2: Dels]
Life’s to short to eat tasteless soup
So I sprinkle chilli pepper on this message to whom?
To my little brothers, I hope they’re all listening too
They are the biggest inspiration for the things that I do
I’ve never told them to their face, why am I telling them now?
Laying on a cloud, moving my bowels, letting it out
As time counts me out and pounds roll away
My heart fills with doubt, my brain’s glossed with haze
My voice lost its shout, this is just phase
And life knocked me down but I’m back again...
Lyric trafficking, so damaging, throwing javelins
Because I’m battling, problems loom in the dark like Anakin
Can I handle them? Of course the force, minds porous
Swing swords at Lords, defy laws for this
I just need to free my thoughts of all sorts
It’s all raw bring in the chorus

[Hook: Dels]
It’s been a long time now...
But I say what I’m seeing, Say what I’m seeing
And when we strip it back, I don’t recognise it
It’s been a long time now...
But I say what I’m seeing, Say what I’m seeing
And when we strip it back, I don’t recognise it