2,4,6 to the 8.  I’m here to warn ya this bitch is awake
In California my shit’s lookin great, and as for my form I’m a different kinda shape
On a mission to escape the visions they create of a picture of a chick in a bikini on a stage
You can see me all day doin’ things my way on some different shit- you can kiss my clit- what??
Oh girl now don’t get nasty.  It’s too easy to spit it trashy
I ain't appeasing nobody past me- yeah sex sells but I’d rather women get well
Look at the big booty stars.  If I show it off I could go far
But I better get my titties enlarged.  That’s how they got us, cut up our tatas
Thinkin that they want us for the body that’s upon us and that ain’t really dishonest but there ain’t a lot of promise in it- is there?
Now get this clear.  Yes I’m aware that life ain’t fair but I’m also aware that I’m a rock goddess
And I got no time to stop progress
I’m from a long line of Rottweilers, was some bad bitches in my grandmamas britches
The plans, I’ma switch it I’m a little ambitious, that’s what they taught me, the game ain't caught me
I caught the game.  I plot the gains, I ain’t sought the fame I just rock my range and uh- woo!
It’s a wide one better bet.  Make you use your mind like a set of chess
If there’s a man can match me I ain’t met him yet, I bring the pain get your acetaminophen
Watch out, I spit hard.  Fuckin up this joint get a wrist guard
And you could never disregard I risk a lotta shit bein a honest bitch, well
Heck.  What you gon do? I’m at the soundcheck 1-2-1-2 well are ya down yet what you gon choose? You could pick the new chick or stick with old news
I kick that ol proven rhyme style groovin’, dudes be pursuin’ me and wantin’ me to move in
Nah, I’m straight like a clean break
And I break wit a hussy if you seem fake
Don’t give a fuck what your team make
What you puttin’ on display for the teens sake?
Oh you think you great cuz you get up on a stage and you sing and shake? Nah.  Fuck that.  My name’s L. Shea and I guess I kinda came here to save the day.  From all them sluts fuckin up this game you could do like this beat and just fade away hey..hey..hey…