Last year, my Latin professor caught me tucking my copy of Marcel Proust’s Swann’s Way into my backpack as class started, remarking, ‘Nobody reads Proust for fun.’ What, then, should we think of the Rap Genius-crowned Proust of rap? Since his early-career mixtape surge and first two studio albums, Lupe Fiasco was in the running for Least Fun Person of the 2010s, and on Tetsuo & Youth, we hear a man freeing himself of whatever self-imposed burdens turned him into a recurring BigGhost punch line

After a quick instrumental introduction, the all-too-familiar frenetic piano and angelic vocals of Cortex’s ‘Chanson D’un Jour D’hiver’ emerged, a sure-fire sample for success if any in hip-hop. From here, Lupe never ceases to make every word effortless, necessary, what could only come from the knowledge that this is your last monument from one of rap’s strangest major-label eras. It is a triumphant victory lap, but not one that was crafted as such. No, this was Lupe Fiasco looking to make an album worthy of a victory lap

What many rappers fail to understand is that beats are not just vehicles to disguise lyricism, they’re musical representations of what your lyrics are conveying. For Lupe’s producers, they delivered. From the aforementioned Cortex sample to the triumphant violins on “Prisoner 1 & 2”, the trumpets and ethereal elongated synth notes of “Body Of Work” to “Little Death”’s bass grooves, the first half of the album alone gifts the ears with beats sure to be jacked for many-a freestyle mixtape. The dystopian warbles of the mammoth “Chopper” speaks as much to the confusing state of American double-standards as does the brutal hook, “Filet mignon with my food stamps / Car cosigned by my mama / Medical card from Obama / Background check for a chopper”. But this is a Lupe Fiasco album, and it succeeds only as far as his lyrics go. And my, do they go

In our exegesis of the first chapter of Lolita, we uncovered layers that contain metalayers ad infinitum. Tetsuo & Youth is no different. On the song “Madonna (And Other Mothers In The Hood)”, even a chance line contains multitudes; “And it’s hard when these niggas steal, mama” reminds me of the Jay Electronica line “You either build or destroy where you come from”, where both lines are transformed by the way one reads them and the cadence by which the rapper flows them. This is an album of feeling, of analyzing, but most of all, one of experiencing. Tetsuo & Youth works because of a synthesis rarely found on Lupe Fiasco’s last few works, one between astounding beats that never overstep his lyrics, but instead carry even the most obscure lines into chant-worthy happenings. You’ll return to Tetsuo & Youth because this is an album in every sense of the word, a journey undertaken by a man who spoke and rapped for others for so long, who finally found the joys of once again doing so for himself

8.2/10

Other hip-hop releases of note this week:

Future - Beast Mode | 6.2/10
Phantom Posse - Home | 8.4/10
Billz Raw x E Millz - Coke's Plan | 7.0/10
Joey Bada$$ - B4.DA.$$ | 8.1/10
Lil Wayne - Sorry 4 The Wait 2 | 5.3/10