Ready for dem but dem no ready for me - PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for me - PAM! PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for me
Bring nummy num one bring nummy num two
Bring nummy nummy num three

Heavy D
Here comes the man you dig the man you dug
The man you love the man you hug
So come get some of the funky drum drum
Here I come come lights camera plenty punany action
I'm the Don in the city known for the nitty-gritty
Consider me Big Willy consider you itty-bitty
I'm the youngest in a family of six
I've flirted with chicks and then I learned tricks in the ghetto mix
I went pop but I still kept my ghetto pass
And anyone who laughs kick is my yellow ass
I'm the okey dokey man the hockey pockey man
The bigger nigga with the trigger leave you smokey man
Quick to flip a chick or flyin a floppy lip
The kid never sleeps because I'm wicked off the hip
Known to keep it steady for punks who act petty
Is Vin Rock, Kay Gee, Treach big and Heavy you ain't ready

Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM! PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we
Bring nummy num one bring nummy num two
Bring nummy nummy num three

Treach
So try to try to get bruh ooh when we ain't round yet
That's the type of writer to get fooled at a sound check
Check the rep for the nappy Naughty Treach is
I go all out fuck it just call me Axe
I want some on next shit nexus
You neck for breakfast your back's for practice
An ass for ass kicks
An ass for that shit as saying is ? ?
Kick with this or this ain't that you that slick
For what it's worth I'm comin from the edge of the Earth
I'm the only kid I know that was worse since birth
Everybody that know me was worse to curse
My first words mommy spank the fucking nurse
If I was a doctor chill I'll give you six months to live
Another six if you can't pay the bill I do what I will
I'll gas ya ass like Getty? cause motherfucker you ain't ready

Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM! PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we
Bring nummy num one bring nummy num two
Bring nummy nummy num three

Heavy D
Flex like I'm in gymnastics off a profilactic
Never short on loot cause I got a fat grip
I've been in the game for six joints
And never loose cool points I'm hard as cement slick like oink
For those of you who don't know the big big man
You better slow down you diggity dig dig man
Consider me an overweight Don Juan ? as Perignon
I got it going on and on and on

Treach
Or be the next to get gat drip drop prob ain't my buyer
The wrong man to marry but I'mma carry/Carey Mariah
You coming to flow flip you better not blow it
He's king ? ? ? ? for it
Let's get to flow set the flow but let me go
My girl let me know cause ooh I'm ready go
I come to tear you out the frame like I was ripping Mona Lisa
Yah I run ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?

Heavy D
Son I'm lucky hockey pockey brass monkey drinking
I wonder what he's thinkin
I got crazy rap trophies and you and you nigs know me
Respect you need to show me if not then blow me
The over dummer one dude just my youngest son
Befo' I blow I like to say to y'all all of y'all young guns
Don't ever step or flex to set you bet a double figure
Ain't nothing rolley polley homey ? ? ? ?

Treach
So either you or yours him or hers can do what
I carved up ya heart runs a pole in a crew cut
You ain't ready remarkable or regal
You the fucking reason that abortion shit is legal
I'm eager as a beaver you bite my shit then bring it back like a retriever
Off the nuts must I see ya
I ain't got time to bit trying to be find to be
Try never find a G if I find is mine you see
They wanna come out oh why how I say oh try now
Stepping I'll punch off your eyebrows
I'm representing Jersey lord have mercy
Naughty and Heavy you never been ready baby

Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we - PAM! PAM!
Ready for dem but dem no ready for we
Bring nummy num one bring nummy num two
Bring nummy nummy num three