Cinematic, Multi-Alumni ya dig...

It's been long time coming, Sam Cooking
No tap dancing, just check booking
85 driving, Soul Surviving
Its either stay where you at or start riding
Old School Cars, Automatic Start
Went through hell and back to get a house with a garage
I see it clearer than Blu Ray, you see when its too late
A source separation from bouquets
From bitches with bootays, that I used to love, used to fuck
Never kissed, but I held and hugged
On the low tho, loved them all, when they balled
Spend it all just to get me rubbed in polo
Do what I can through God will
Never slack in the DJ booth I flex skills
I break it downnn like pounds of drum field
Push niggas off cause I'm King of my hill
King of my Ville, Don't enter I'm tellin ya
Fuck you and yours plus I'm killin ya messenger
Favorite rapper rapper rapper et cetera
Forever in the kitchen whipping feats for my brothera bruh..

Aye food for thought I was cooking, maybe stirred but not shooken
They tryna see if I got it, so I guess I'm Reggie Bushinn
Would appear I'm the favorite, mother fuckers be hatin
My mama told never say it but, yeah I'm the greatest
Like Ali without the shaking, history in the making
You thought I was a newcomer but baby you was mistaken
Murder beats in the masses, throw 'em in caskets
This plastic crematory flow, leave 'em in ashes
Candle light vigil, R.I.P. to beats
Must be something stupid fire deep in side of me
Honestly, you ain't fuckin with me
Krizzle be the truth, Even DJ Booth, had to be like what it do?
Look at you, ain't much time left, I think I should wish you well
For you no anticipation, I'm like 2 thousand 12
How much you tryna sell, perhaps you should find a shelf
To sit yo shit on, nigga I been flown

Back to the bottom of the south
With the mind frame to ride high, Golds in my mouth
Hollin out whats happenin'
Pullin bitches from corners to where you can't imagine
Straight jacket spazzin
Cashing out, King Krizzle who they askin bout
The cuddy duddy rollin dirty spray that apricot
Sun jealous told the moon that I.. have to stop
Cause you not even half as hot as the shit that flop
I bang bang like pop, til the chamber lock
If it was 1995 I'd probably hang with Pac
Cause I'm a Mutha Fucka, Neva Scared,Certified Bone Crusher
The way I spit the block I swear I was Big blood brother.. UH..
They tryna knock my steelo, wanna tap my phone cause I kick with amigo
And talk shit and put switches on el caminos
Flood borders like from seawater from el nino

And to fly above the bullshit I probably would
But G5 jets never land in the hood
And hoes bust and bite down, cause you poppin right now
You rappin for the fame I rap like they gone turn my lights out
Shit was fucked up just a week ago
Now I'm Cinematic like a movie you ain't seen before..
And this is just the warm up, niggas ain't seen the flow
I told 'em see me on top, What the Fuck you blinking fo'
Shootin at they battle ships these fragile niggas sinking slow
Probably made 'em look bad, I'm sorry I ain't e'en know
We ain't e'en equal if the Constitution said so
I'm a Titan fuck subliminals I'm throwing lightening bolts
Gotta want foreva moe, what the fuck you fighting foe
Barbaric with my merit, keep what I kill like them viking folks
I am throwed, pass it like Brett Favre before the Vikings choked
Riding slow, candy paint like lookin in kaleidoscopes
Obstacles? I throw and jump over like I'm mario
Lyrical, exercise a monster with the cardio
Pop bottles after victories, what the fuck you party fo'
Board game bitches, I ain't fuckin with a Sorry! ho
Class was in session years ago, what you tardy foe
Billion dollar mouth piece to auction off my audio... KING!!