[Intro: Jay Z]
I'm so rock 'n' roll Jay skateboarder

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
I be the king of the Roc there is none higher
Fuck 'Jay-Z' - y'all should call me sire
I won't stop rocking 'till I retire
I got Lyor rich y'all got niggas fired
I'm a cash cow nigga I'm about to cash out
About to drop the Black Album and back out
I ain't gotta come back out to pull that Maybach out the garage, raps my hobby spending money's my job
Army in the cup, Giorgio Armani special cut, Scooby Doo's walkin' on you mutts
I'm back on it the famous face with the mask on it playin' laser tag with the mag you cannot want it
You can get it in a New York minute I draw a square and I dare you to walk in it
Listen you're a square don't get your corner bended
You're a circle I will hurt you you're a zero I'm a hero
I should fear no man but God, yet and still I could chill in the City of God's in Brazil
I'm that real was selling crack in the building back when selling crack in the building was a big deal, I'm that chill
It's like having ice on the face of a watch when I enter the spot time stands still
Ill, check out the metaphors I build made me bigger than U.S Steel, tell em' Pharrell

[Hook: Pharell and Jay Z]
You think that you don't have to ever quit
(That's right)
You think that you can get away with it
You think the light won't be ever lit
It's almost over now the game is Hova's now
Something's on your chest better get it off
There'll be no one left when we set it off
We ain't gonna take it no more
Since it's almost over now the game is Hova's now
You can't be me I'm a rockstar
I'm rhyming on the top of a cop's car
I'm a rebel and my .44 pops far
It's almost over now the game is Hova's now
Yes you ain't heard that we swallow guys
It's too damn late to apologize
Will you see the [?] or will you see the skies
It's almost over now the game is Hova's now
So mother fucking rock 'n' roll Jay skateboarder, I want to send a special shout out to Bleek man
(Ha ha ha, yes!)
Baseline recordings, S. Dot Collection in stores
Black Album about to change the face of music

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
You can't be me I'm a rock star, y'all rhyming from the back of a cop car
Y'all pointing niggas out like "There they are!"
It's almost over now the game is Hova's now
As tough as niggas is talkin' it's a wonder I'm still walking I've been runnin' New York so long I'm exhausted
Now fuck [?]
And I'm talking to uh, fuck it you're all sick and I'm fucking with you ma, 'cuz I don't give a fuck about your boyfriend
I'm spiteful if I don't like you I'm liable to buy you and drop you
I son niggas like I adopted you deliver shots like a doctor do, not the one from The Watcher 2
It's Young, I'm back your soldiers down
It's almost over now the game is Hova's now

[Outro: Jay Z]
Ha ha ha, yes! Lenny motherfucking S has just walked into the building
S. Carter Collection
Kicks is mean, Black Album in stores
Guru close the door on these niggas!
Let's go!
Let's go!
I'm out this motherfucker