[Chorus]
All the sound & fury but you ain’t say nothin'
Millions of subs, but you ain't change nothin'
Millions of hits, but you ain’t gave nothin'
Claim to be a leader but you ain’t lead nothin'

[Verse 1]
Claim to be a leader but you not
Everything you do, just tryna stay hot
Got your little staff with your little photographs
And collaborations but really you did squat
Why am I the only Asian rapper
Speaking out on immigration
By the way, yeah fuck Donald Trump
Why we got a million covers of that new Adele single
But nobody took the time for Trayvon (uh)
So go on, drop that vlog
Talk about how Asians love hip-hop
But when it come time to talk about the police crimes
Who’s the YouTuber answerin' the call?
And I know my numbers don’t compare to y'all
But honestly I never wanted to be near to y'all
'Cause we are not the same, not near at all
I hit Huffington Post, you like to hit the mall
Martin King versus Martin Lawrence
I’m a lion roarin', you kill time and boredom
Y'all kinda corny, well so am I
But I'm tryna give the people more than sound and noise
Ah!

[Chorus]
All the sound & fury but you ain’t say nothin'
Millions of hits, but you ain't change nothin'
Millions of subs, but you ain’t gave nothin'
Claim to be a leader but you ain’t lead nothin'
All the sound & fury but you ain’t say nothin'
Millions of hits, but you ain't change nothin'
Millions of subs, but you ain’t gave nothin'
Claim to be a leader but you ain’t lead nothin'

[Verse 2]
Ken Jeong ain't did shit for me
Bobby Lee, he ain't did shit for me
I understand they gotta feed they families
But they just dancing chinks on screen, please
I thought we been past that
Do white people like this trash?
RIP John Hughes, yeah I love Breakfast Club
Sixteen Candles ain’t my jam
But shout out the homies who makin' they money
By runnin' the system and building they comp'ny
That’s Eddie, that’s Randall, that’s J Lin, that’s Aziz
That’s Margaret, Mindy, Constance, Lucy, ay!
So if you got it, use it, move it, build it
Or break it, lose it
When you die will your legacy live
Or will your money just rest in another man’s crib?
Think

[Chorus]
All the sound & fury but you ain’t say nothin'
Millions of hits, but you ain't change nothin'
Millions of subs, but you ain’t gave nothin'
Claim to be a leader but you ain’t lead nothin'
All the sound & fury but you ain’t say nothin'
Millions of hits, but you ain't change nothin'
Millions of subs, but you ain’t gave nothin'
Claim to be a leader but you ain’t lead nothin'

[Verse 3]
Stirrin the pot, I’m raisin the bar
To lift up our people, I’ll aim at the stars
Love hip-hop 'cause it never doesn’t speak up
Asian rappers, why ain’t there one that speaks up?
Fox News racist, who call they bluff?
Targetin' Muslims, who gon' speak up?
’06, Jin dissed the Tsunami Song
But now it’s like we’re all scared to be tough
And plenty Asian rappers gonna act like they is
I still swear Dumb won his battle with Diz
But why is there a dozen Asian rappers with their YouTubes
Poppin' and not one that spoke on Ferguson (huh)
And I got love for you all: Gowe and J. Han
DANakaDAN, NAK, Sam Ock, MC Jin, G Yamaza, Taiyo Na
But ain’t none of you rappin' with the soul of a Nas or a Pac, a K-Dot
So the lane’s wide and my mic’s hot
I’mma bang out till I wipe out or I White House
Till my name's in the stars on whiteout
Or I black out in the balcony shots rang out
Either way I’mma go out with a bang!
Conviction, delivery, stage presence
That’s the three elements that I bring!
King! Yea!