[Chorus] ayyeee why they always got sum to say?
Got a problem with me? gone say it to my face(In my face Nigga)
Wanna do sum? let's do it! by any means ainn makin' scenes lil hommies ion do movies
Wanna knuck up? Buck up? outta luck Stfu! sippin grey goose you a duck duck pull the tool on ya
Shot gun goin BUCK BUCK!Ainn no killa but don't push me imma play the nigga that made the nigga
That tried to play me pussy ainn no pussy

[Lo$t Summers] aaaaahhh you can tell inside the club when a nigga hatin
Buss his head in the crowd be at the police station
When you walk away they always got some shit to say
But why is it so hard for them to say it in my face?
I’ll leave a nigga bleeding jesus say a prayer he need it
If we get to bussing then the party gone end of discussion
I can bring the ratchet it’s nothin somethin’ i hate is a nigga that’s fake
Can’t relate if the line too long ion wait i jump lil punk touch me fuck around get stomped too crunk
(doot doot) you can catch two pumps
Don’t got time for the bs we at fuck nigga road gps we see that
Lol you think you’ll get re-spect gotta give it to get it and yeauhhh i teach that
I flex she wet throw up yo set and i guaranteed you get checked no stress
Cause niggas don’t know how to act with they tools so you gone be dancing’ rejects
If a nigga step on my shoes then my mood won’t be too cool cause they all trynna pose
Like they hard but they really some hoes boy you fake yeauhh everybody knows
Trinidad james ohhh everything old gimmie that watch ring bracelet robbin embrace it y’all niggas fakin i take it like


[Chorus]       ayyeee why they always got sum to say?
Got a problem with me? gone say it to my face(In my face Nigga)
Wanna do sum? let's do it! by any means ainn makin' scenes lil hommies ion do movies
Wanna knuck up? Buck up? outta luck Stfu! sippin grey goose you a duck duck pull the tool on ya
Shot gun goin BUCK BUCK!Ainn no killa but don't push me imma play the nigga that made the nigga
That tried to play me pussy ainn no pussy

[RNRico/Lo$t Summers]
200 bands in one ear pressin' for his gear (and what) shit that shit like sears
Diamonds crystal clear see these niggas made i might throw some cash quick to
Catch a fade ain't no pressure on my plate nigga

All these niggas do is hate i’m exposing you little snakes gotcha gun this not fun
I’ll rob a son  not talking nate swisher sweets imma burn up i turn up up just like a turn up
I’m kicking’ shit i’m a punter you think you ball you gone fumble
Want static letting you have it dramatic stacking my green like some cabbage
No vegetable that’s yo ho she getting’ sexual let it go nba she play with testicles
Fetching em Catchin em region sectionals didn’t even know that i’m a wrestler
Take shots make shots too hot all eyes on me screaming rip pac (and it don’t stop)
It is ridiculous how I’m just getting it she wanna let me scratch saying her kitten itch
You on syrup on erb  b word move outta my way just listen to ludacris I don’t mugg don’t argue
Ainn got nothin to offer but a can of whoop ass too fast you mad down goes Frazier lil nigga too bad
You had chances  keep it moving stop actin like you clueless do this take some notes from me
On how to win cause you keep losin get yo paper pad pencil cause imma school you like a student
Don’t run yo mouth you ain’t ready for these actions while you fooling
Looking round the building and they actin all tough in my head i’m getting mad man i’m finna go
Nuts you can say can say it at a distance but i bet you won’t buck when they getting all loud tell em stfu!!!!!!
[Chorus]


Ayyeee why they always got sum to say?
Got a problem with me? gone say it to my face(In my face Nigga)
Wanna do sum? let's do it! by any means ainn makin' scenes lil hommies ion do movies
Wanna knuck up? Buck up? outta luck Stfu! sippin grey goose you a duck duck pull the tool on ya
Shot gun goin BUCK BUCK!Ainn no killa but don't push me imma play the nigga that made the nigga
That tried to play me pussy ainn no pussy