Intro:[KRS]
Yes all ruffneck youth hold tight
All brooklyn man hold tight
All Uptown crew hold tight
All Bronx man seckle
I.C.U. in da house, Darren in da house
D Square in da house, Freddie Foxx in da house
Kenny Parker you know you run beats for years
It's the Blastmaster KRS One stompin all sucka dj crew
Of course you hear all commerialized album
But we come down ruffneck and wicked in the B.D.P. laboratory
On the sex and violence tip this year for 1992
Lick all shots
BOUYAKA!
All crew hold tight...nuff respect
Nuff respect to all hardcore dj
No respect to all commercial dj
We bust shots all the way over to the west coast...see
Now we gonna come down ruffneck, for the day
Cuz its because B.D.P. crew dont play
Come Down! Kenny Parker cuz you know you a ruffneck
A one-two yeah, one-two hah and ya dont stop
We gon rock this beat til ya drop
Now we gon kick it a lil somethin like this yall
We got Freddie Foxx and Krs One on the microphone
Something ya not, ya not, ya not ready for as of yet
Now check it out

Chorus
Tribe Called Quest has a title(TITLE!)
Kid Capri dem have a title(TITLE!)
Flavor Unit has a title(TITLE)
EPMD dem have a title(TITLE)
BUCK BUCK BUCK!
Me a de don-don, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P
Now Freddie Foxx...you know you get ill jus
Get on the mic cuz your programmed to kill!

[Freddie FOXX]
Check this shit out, this is for my man Blastmaster Krs One
And if you ever have a son, Im a buy him a gun
Check this out

Give that microphone so I can take it to the front line
Cuz In a rap war, I shoot off rhymes
And sound off a park like an M-16
When I hit the scene, suckas turn green
Cuz I take the microphone and then I disrespect it
And then I disect it
Put it back together lyrics or knuckles man whatever
Cuz you tried to step into a lyrical punch
I had you all for lunch and took a shit
Out came a hit, you suckas betta quit
Fuckin wit Freddie Foxx you get licked
Now listen all respect due to the Blastmaster Krs One
Now Im done...

[krs]
Yes but of course, you could never be done
Because we a de number 1
So check it out...

Chorus
Tribe Called Quest has a title(TITLE!)
Flavor Unit has a title(TITLE!)
Nice and Smooth has a title(TITLE!)
Kid Capri dem have a title(TITLE!)
BUCK BUCK BUCK!
Me a de don-don, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P
Check it out...

[Krs]
Now all type things that went on this evening
They all say they fresh but I'm here now who you believin
Who couldn't hear a hit if you hit up
What a pity, you tried to be quick wit the tongue your style is dibbie-dibbie
You need no lyrical rush in your mumblin whatchu sayin?
I serve you up like stove top stuffing
Im gonna say this once and I mean this
Disattach yaself from my penis
Give my genitals room to breathe
You take shots at me wit a weak album I can't believe
You got no skills, chill plus your corny
You think your hardcore cuz you got a 40?
My car is not tint I dont eat wit a chip
When I read I dont squint in real life I got the hard shit
You can't out grow me you don't even know me
I be leavin the jam wit your black ass as a trophy
This is nobodys style but the teacher
So dont compare me to none of these creatures
Features feature and battle rappers
Krs one is the head clapper

Chorus
Nice & Smooth dem have a title(TITLE)
Flavor Unit has a title(TITLE)
Nice & Smooth dem have a title(TITLE)
Kid Capri have a title
Buck! Buck! Buck!
Me a de don-don, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggi don-dong, diggide
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P
Remember the name of the crew is called B.D.P

Outro:
Yes all roughneck youth hold tight
1992 style and we come down roughneck and wicked
Rock all night rip up the mic
Now we take you over to Kid Capri up in the park
Come Down Kid Capri

[Kid Capri]
Ladies and Gentlemen without further adue
Put your hands together for my motherfuckin main man
Ooh..ha ha ha..you know where that comes from right??
That comes from doin' the parties and blowin up
Ladies and Gentlemen my peoples
B D P  !!!!