[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Intro: Snoop Dogg and Kurupt]
La-da-da-da-dahh
It's the motherfuckin' one and only D-O-double-G
(Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-R-E
You know who's back up in this motherfucker?
What what what what
So blaze the weed up then
Blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up, nigga!
Yeah, 'sup, Snoop?

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy, we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slip my ho a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch, quit talkin', Crip walk, stay down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S, you'll be relievin' your stress

[Interlude: Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre]
La-da-da-da-dahhh
It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E. (Dr. Dre, motherfucker)
La-da-da-da-dahhh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin' whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (what hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the westside; it's California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin' to poke on
Loc, it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft, we don't play
We gonna rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey

Smoke weed every day