[Intro]
"Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping?"
What what, what, what [x8]
Bada, bada, bada dada

[Hook: Wanz]
I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm hunting
Looking for a come up
This is fucking awesome

[Verse 1: Macklemore]
Now, walk into the club, like, "What up, I got a big cock!"
Nah, I’m just pumped, I bought some shit from a thrift shop
Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty
The people like, “Damn, that’s a cold ass honkey!”
Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine
Dressed in all pink; except my gator shoes, those are green
Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me
Probably should've washed this, smells like R. Kelly sheets
(Pissssss...) But shit, it was 99 cents!
Fuck it, coppin' it, washin' it
‘Bout to go and get some compliments
Passing up on those moccasins
Someone else has been walking in
Bummy and grungy, fuck it, man
I am stunting and flossing and saving my money
And I’m hella happy; that’s a bargain, bitch!
I’ma take your grandpa's style, I’ma take your grandpa's style
No, for real, ask your grandpa
Can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you!)
Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers
Dookie brown leather jacket that I found diggin'
They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard
I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board
Hello, hello, my ace man, my mellow
John Wayne ain’t got nothing on my fringe game, hell no
I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those
The sneaker heads would be like, “Ah, he got the Velcros.”

[Hook: Wanz]
I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm hunting
Looking for a come up
This is fucking awesome

[Verse 2: Macklemore]
What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin?
What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin?
I’m digging, I’m digging
I’m searching right through that luggage
One man’s trash, that’s another man’s come up
Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button-
Up shirt, ‘cause right now, I’m up in here stuntin'
I’m at the Goodwill, you can find me in the bins
I’m not, I’m not stuck on searchin' in that section (Mens)
Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy
I’ll take those flannel zebra jammies
Second hand and I’ll rock that, motherfucker
The built-in onesie with the socks on the motherfucker
I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker
They be like, “Oh, that Gucci? That’s hella tight”
I’m like, “Yo, that’s 50 dollars for a t-shirt.”
Limited edition, let’s do some simple addition
50 dollars for a t-shirt, that’s just some ignorant bitch shit
I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit
I call that getting tricked by business
That shirt’s hella dough, and having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don’t
Peep game, come take a look through my telescope
Tryin' to get girls from a brand?
Man, you hella won’t! Man, you hella won't!

[Interlude]
Goodwill, poppin' tags, yeah!

[Hook: Wanz]
I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm hunting
Looking for a come up
This is fucking awesome

[Bridge: Wanz]
I wear your granddad's clothes
I look incredible
I’m in this big ass coat
From that thrift shop down the road

[Hook: Wanz]
I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm hunting
Looking for a come up
This is fucking awesome

[Outro]
"Is that your grandma's coat?"