After the release of Lupe Fiasco's 5th album Tetsuo & Youth, the Rap Genius Community spent the last week analysing the intricacies of the LP.  The entire project was filled with amazing concepts, ideals, and wordplay. So to save you sifting through an hour of music, we broke down the 10 best lines from Tetsuo & Youth.


1. Lupe Fiasco on "Adoration of The Magi"

Why you ready to die? You just a baby
Why them tears up under your eyes? You just a baby
Keep your head up in the sky, you just a baby
Quit chasing money, never mind, you just a baby
(These Magi adore you) x2
Why you wanna be born again? You just a baby
Why you playing in the streets? You just a baby2. Lupe Fiasco on "Mural"

Life is not a dictionary, it's a thesaurus
And I feel like a missionary to a clitoris3. Lupe Fiasco on "Dots & Lines"

In a line, in a line, in a line, in a line, in a line
Three angels in kind, on time, go straight, don't sine4. Troi on "Body Work"

Anatomy (skin), will be the death of me
Anatomy (skin), that's just my anatomy
Anatomy (skin), will be the death of me5. Lupe Fiasco on "Mural"

Nerd game make Mandelbrot sets when we handshake6. Billy Blue on "Chopper"

My baby mama done fucked up on her food stamps
That’s three muscles recertified7. Lupe Fiasco on "Deliver"

The pizza man don't come here no more
Too much dope
Too many niggas on the porch
So the pizza man don't approach (no, no, no)8. Lupe Fiasco on "Adoration of the Magi"

Can't be eyes closed when you side scroll
You not the first person
The first person from your first cursin'
To your first cursive
And your curse words is in the curve version9. Lupe Fiasco on "They.Resurrect.Over.New"

Ignorance that the world isn't ours, the gall
Give them all showers
Tony found the fountain of youth, in the mountain of powder
To only find truth in the fountain, drowning in power
Surrounded with dollars10.  "Prisoner 1 And 2" (entire song)

No one lyric from this song stood out, however the track itself is a standout from the LP. Lupe combines two songs together relating prison inmates to the guards that keep them there.