[Beretta 9]
Eh yo
Dead smacked, the middle of war
One gun, one clip, one man a fan of some shit
Eh yo, it's deep, mad slugs comin at me
Should I say, "Fuck it"?
Kick the bucket, get out this duck shit
Knowin in my mind that it's not my time
I lick 3 shots back, coward? Nah, I got 9
Should I flip the clip? Should I run for the whip?
Should I go for the kill? Should I make it a skit?
I took a breather, caught my wind
Bust 2 shots, sprint, oh damn! Lost one Timb, man, fuck it!
Shot once more and again, 5 left, shit's real
I fell out, bustin my chin
Shook it off, jumped up, kid, just my luck
Another gunman still posted right by the truck
Wit his shit jammed, I gave him all 5 then I grabbed his gun
This cat forgot about the safety (How could you look to be that dumb?)
Laughin, ready for blastin, hype like 'Dex Liamond'
One nigga left and I'm ready to ask him
"What did you think? What the fuck did you drink?"
Shot, tortured him slow, then I made him extinct

[Hook: Beretta 9]
It's like, for real kid, livin the life, it's like trilogy
Part 1, part 2, 3, I guess it's meant to be
Cuz that's the way it be, forever will I be
Wise to the fact that it's all real

[Prodical]
I used to chill with Shaquille and Talil, ill out in Brownsville
Robbin everythin walkin and breathin up in Cypress Hill
Skillful criminals kept automatics and gadgets
And any tragic, day and night, they ran havoc
Caught up in the wombs of Brooklyn
It's dusty, cold blooded, the block flooded
Jay robbin niggas for their budget
Him and his son, on the run, sellin jums and guns
Havin fun, becomin well known for packin chrome
In '86, shackin up with this bitch
Him and his click, 1 and 6, stackin cheddar like bricks
But as time flew, they caught a soldier on the Avenue
Eternal revenues lead Jakes to Langston Hughes
Raped his moms lab, they got the tab and where's that crab
Nigga Jab? Send a scab to wrath there, create a bloodbath
They found his corpse up in B-Boy Projects
No objects, no suspects, broken neck with a holey vest
Another case of homicide, unsolved
He should've never got involved with the brawl
He lost it all

[Hook]