[Hook: Samples with DJ Daze Scratches]
“Check it out, yo” - Sample from Ill Bill's "How to Kill a Cop" (x3)
"It’s no doubt you gonna pump this in your system” - Sample from O.C.’s “My World”

[Interlude: Yeshua DapoED]
Yeah.  One time.  Check it out.  Uh.  Yo, check it out, check it out.  Yo

[Verse 1: Yeshua DapoED]
Now let's take it from the top
Yeshua Dapo I'm here to rock
Here to bop domes, I'm known on your block
From here to Stockholm, I've shown I could rock
So I'm knowing what I drop is prone to get copped (And you don't stop!)
On microphones, I'm blowing up the spot
With written rhymes rather than going off the top
Son, I'm getting mines by all means nec’
I'm not letting time fly or dreams rest
‘Cause control over words like this only occurs
I guess once every... (Hmm) well, I don’t know
But with a flow to uplift
Worrying about time really (What?) doesn't make much sense
All I know: I'm obligated to drop a style your mind awaited
A little too long for—that left you poor
Rip roaring rhymes the mind can store
Brought forth to you every time I record
I’ll be bored in my crib thinking of ways to amaze
On a page, on a stage, want to raise awareness
There’s this epidemic going on: emcees are way too careless

[Hook: Samples with DJ Daze Scratches]
"This is a battle rhyme in case you haven't noticed" - Sample from Guru on Gang Starr’s “The ? Remainz”
"Yo, nobody runs the point like that" - Sample from [?]
"This is a battle rhyme in case you haven't noticed" - Sample from Guru on Gang Starr’s “The ? Remainz”
"Nobody can touch" - Sample from J-Treds on Company Flow’s “The Fire in Which You Burn”
"This is a battle rhyme in case you haven't noticed" - Sample from Guru on Gang Starr’s “The ? Remainz”
"My rhymes are designed to be perfect" - Sample from Pumpkinhead’s “Dynamic”
"Kick a rhyme" - Sample from Lord Finesse on Lord Finesse & DJ Mike Smooth’s “I Keep the Crowd Listening”
"A rhyme?  Sure.  Why not?" - Sample from A.G. on Showbiz & A.G.’s “Diggin’ in the Crates”

[Verse 2: J-Treds]
Ayyo, we rip mics, spit nice, blew many spots
Who tried to bring it knew when to stop like thick spikes
They didn't want it.  Who would want getting a sonning?
My competition didn't like it, but been there and done it
Caught a nice tan on the mic, caught a shorter life span
Went from headliner to heads calling him, “Hype Man”
Took him a notch down, hot to average
Stopping the madness (Know’m saying?) ‘cause there ain't no topping our status
We off limits now that we award-winning
And our passages got rappers happily forfeiting
Falling rapidly, leaving 'em lying in the streets
And when we're gone?  They're all breathing a sigh of relief.  It’s
Some sign of weakness, but our flows almighty and
Those trying to beat this?  (Well, alrighty then)
Better think twice ‘cause I ain't the person or whom
You should be setting your sights.  Hate to burst your balloon
But that's a no-win.  Your chance is snowballs in hell
‘Cause I've known the thrill of victory all too well
And when we spit, it's all jew-els
Anyone that try to diss, send 'em all to hell

[Hook: Samples with DJ Daze Scratches]
"I’m over niggas, I'm a battle-type mobster” - Sample from [?]
"Y the PoED” - Sample from [?]
"Niggas, I'm a battle-type mobster” - Sample from [?]
“J-Treds.  J-Treds” - Sample from [?]
"I’m over niggas, I'm a battle-type mobster” - Sample from [?]
"Pump-Pumpkinhead,  Pumpkinhead" - Sample from [?]
"By far, we are truly gifted ones, son” - Sample from Guru on Gang Starr’s “Check the Technique”

[Verse 3: Pumpkinhead]
It's inconceivable for the simple mind to copy my design
It's an original, not your typical rhyme
It'll cripple your spine (Crack), quick to shatter your sternum
When I get deep like surgeons, it's Magic like Earvin
You wanna test, god?  You better step god
Your music make me cover my ears like the logo for the Def Squad
Wait, hold on.  You haven't heard the best part
The rhymes I use'll have you bagging groceries at a Check Mart
With a tense heart, talking to your shoe like Get Smart
Vexed like Starks shooting a three-pointer at the playoffs (Damn!)
I'm ready to spray off like I sawed a gauge off
I’ve been working this for years while you’ll be like "Sorry I'm late, boss!"
Save the acting for Kate Moss and take off
Before I break off, raps like a Kit Kat
My tongue's a shotgun (Blao!) with an unbelievable kick back
I spit priceless art.  You're just a souvenir knick-knack
I got together on this trac with Eli
Treds, Yeshua DapoED.  And I'm Jack
Daniels.  Light a candle on your mantle
We're the big dogs in this underground.  Y’all niggas is cocker spaniels
It's like:

[Hook: Samples with DJ Daze Scratches]
"Glance at the emcee that is standing right in front of you” - Sample from The Bizzie Boyz’s “Droppin’ It” (x4)
"On my rise, I'm fly, sucker.  Now what you gonna do?” - Sample from The Bizzie Boyz’s “Droppin’ It”
"1, 2” - Sample from [?] (x3)