Am I off my trolley? I converse with the dead
Coz another soundbwoy got burnt with the lead
I Disperse words
Empty my mind on these rubbish MC’s
All dying to shine like my grandmother’s halo
Lay low, I spit darts, venomous, the next in line
Don’t know, it’s evident, I'm African, slap back-hand palmin
Rhyme javelins, throw them through your garments
Pierce your heart n capture your soul
Ring the alarm, its the del-boy show
I’m a Martian, blow trees with the Daleks
E.T’s on an E, He can't stop dancin'
On the Dance Mat of my mind
It’s lunch time, I need food -
A Bakewell will do
I’m borderline schizo, borderline nuts
I’m climbing up a bean stalk, on my way up
I’m laying on the cusp of the moon, on the edge
I'm a force while you’re stuck in a time warp welding a sword
I've moved on from that watch me soar
Then wait till I fall
Way below sea level, way below earth
Way below hell where the pitch forks burn
Clearin' my desktop, my mind's full of clutter
Ctrl Alt Delete goodbye mother fucker

I once dreamt a dream in a dream, in a dream, in a dream
The stairwells to hell, I fell underneath
In the coffin where my love is hugging me
She's crying tears and fears that I’m gonna leave
Farewell my dear, kissed her on the cheek, then I broke free
I jumped into Grimes car with Dance and left a grey rose on the street
I love you but me and you weren't meant to be
Cruising hell’s highway
No turning back , heating my face, cameras on my lap
Snap snap, taking pictures in hell
Even saw Blair and Bush being eaten by elves
Screaming for help, so I raised my middle finger and waved
Cause the devil’s on my tail I ain’t getting eaten today
Sorry to self-indulge, lead you astray
With these fragmented thoughts, got me floating away
Is my heart really bleeding?! Am I really alive?!
Am my six feet deep or closer to christ?,…
Is this real cheese laying down on my toast?
Is this air that I’m breathing? am I even a ghost?
Am I dreaming in colour or the black with the white?
Is the truth laying down right under my eyes?
I need an answer can’t keep wondering why
Is this life that I’m living? am I living a lie?

When I wake up, will I wake up with you?
If I do we can start again
When I wake up, will I wake up with you?
If I do we can start again
When I wake up, will I wake up with you?
If I do we can start again
When I wake up, will I wake up with you?
If I do we can start again