[Refrain]
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!

[Verse 1]
On the half shell, they're the heroes four
In this day and age who could ask for more?
The crime wave is high with muggings mysterious
All police and detectives are furious
Cause they can't find the source
Of this lethally evil force
This is serious so give me a quarter
I was a witness, get me a reporter!
Call April O'Neil in on this case, and
You'd better hurry up, there's no time to waste!
We need help, like quick, on the double
Have pity on the city, man it's in trouble!
We need heroes like the Lone Ranger
When Tonto came pronto, when there was danger
They didn't say they'd be there in half an hour
Cause they displayed...Turtle Power!

[Refrain]
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!

[Verse 2]
Now our ace reporter was hot on the trail
Determined to put these crooks in jail
She spied the bad guys and saw what happened
But before she knew it, she fell in a trap and got caught!
Yeah, she was all alone
With no friends, and no phone
Now this was beyond her worst dreams
Cause she was cornered by some wayward teens
Headed by Shredder they were anything but good
Misguided, unloved, they called them The Foot
They could terrorize and be angry youths, and
They mugged the people. Who needed proof?
Then from out of the dark came an awesome sound!
Shouted "Cowabunga!" as they hit the ground
From the field of weeds the heroes rescued the flower
Cause they possessed...Turtle Power!

[Refrain]
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!

Do you stand for what you believe in?
And find the strength to do what's right?
That's TURTLE POWER!

[Verse 3]
Heroes on a half shell, they're on a mission
When there's a battle got the enemy wishin'
That they stayed at home, instead of fightin'
These ninja masters with moves like lightnin'
They were once normal, but now they're mutants
Splinter's the teacher so they are the students
Leonardo, Michaelangelo, and Donatello
Make up the team with one other fellow
Raphael. He's the leader of the group
Transformed from the norm by the nuclear goop
Pizza's the food that's sure to please
These ninjas are into pepperoni and cheese
Back to the story, it's not hard to find
Ninjas not just of the body but of the mind
Those are the words that their master instructed
But a letter from Shredder has Splinter abducted
That was the last straw, spring into action
Step on The Foot, now they're gonna lose traction
Now this is for real, so you fight for justice
Your shell is hard so you shout, "They can't dust us off!
Like some old coffee table."
Since you've been born you've been willing and able
To defeat the sneak, protect the weak
Fight for rights and your freedom to speak
Now the villain is chillin' so you make a stand
Back to the wall, put your sword in your hand
Remember the words of your teacher, your master:
Evil moves fast, but good moves faster
Than light, shining for your illumination
Good versus evil equals confrontation
So when you're in trouble
Don't give in and go sour
Try to rely on YOUR...Turtle Power!

[Refrain to fade]
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
T-U-R-T-L-E Power!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!