PREFACE

Outlaw country music was (and remains) a vibrant sub-genre of country music. It came into it's own in the early 1970s through the works of artists like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard.  Outlaw country music is  more of a business model (about who has artistic control) than it is about the content of the music, but many argue that the sub-genre developed the musical characteristics  of individualism, anti-authority and fierce independence as it went along. You can still hear it  today in some country artists

The story that follows is a parable about music and the music business; there's music that comes from an artist's heart, and then there's music that comes from the corporate masters who want to sell you something. The story is written in the form of the six word short story.  Each chapter consists of just six words. Some will say It's perfect for fans of country music: not too many words and lots of pictures


Chapter One:

Oklahoman ThelmaLou marries redneck; decorates pickup

(ThelmaLou:)

(The wedding reception:)

Chapter Two:

Husband Billy Bob loved honky tonk.

Chapter Three:

ThelmaLou loved going riding every night

Chapter Four:

They made a son, Henry Merle.

Chapter Five:

Church on Sunday, football Friday nights

Chapter Six:

But Billy Bob checked out early

Chapter Seven:

Mistook his gun for his lighter.

Chapter Eight:

Hank began listening to his namesakes.

Chapter Nine:

He started developing a sadistic streak

Chapter Ten:

He grew into a violent homophobe

Chapter Eleven:

Killed a boy. Watched him die.

Chapter Twelve:

Hank was guilty of Murder One

Chapter Thirteen:

Judge asked ThelmaLou, "Should he die?"

Chapter Fourteen:

She paused, said, "Let it be".

Chapter Fifteen:

She could go country or pop.

Epilogue:

This has been a long, hard lesson I'm sure. But it's crucial you learn the dangers of outlaw country music . Allowing your children to listen to this kind of music will drive them crazy. Only death and damnation can follow in its path. Remember the Heavy Metal suicide cases of the 80s and 90s? It could happen again, and this time with a drawl and a twang

If your children simply must listen to country music, make sure it's the pablum offered by artists like Taylor Swift, Hunter Hayes, Luke Bryan, Keith Urban and Sugarland. Your children will be safe and you'll be able to sleep nights

If you'd like to learn more about the dangers in outlaw country, listen to the weekly broadcast of the Rev. E.J. Corvette and the Corvette Christian Crusade on CMT radio. You'll find it right here.

No need to say thanks, I'm just doin' my part

About the title:

"Up Against the Wall Redneck Mother" is a song recorded by Jerry Jeff Walker that perfectly presents the ideas of "Outlaw Country"