Hold your tongue!
It doesn't own you!
Or does it by default?
You can't pretend that it's not weighing you down
Or that you really even want me around because you don't
I know that burdens are a girl's best friend!
In the end, you'd give it up for the weekend
You don't even want me around
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay
We can't look at you; you're not the same
I keep thinking, you use your brain
Already threw it away!
Don't give a fuck what we say!
Already threw it away, oh no
Learn to hold your tongue. It doesn't own you
You can go but I might stay!
Yeah, I noticed that you're so bored but I'm okay!
It's not a problem for me; is it a problem for you? Hope not!
And if you're asking me to stick around then why is it
When we separate you keep holding on and on
Oh, but not for long. Not for long!

Aside from all the points turning thoughts into sickness
All my stupid blind ambitions never fit inside your vision
Maybe so, I don't know
Sure, I could've made it work
Been the necessary jerk like you wanted me to be

Aside from all the rest
There's a sickness in my thoughts where the twist to every plot is:
What I think I am, I'm not! Maybe so, I don't know!
I could never make it work but I sure could make it hurt
Do you want this from me? And as you may recall
I never signed a thing at all
You just started your addiction
I just started my withdrawal
It seems to me the suit I wear is too tight at the neck
But the tailor that is vanity is sure it fits me best

It's not a flattering color on me but I wear it always
Because my skin's been sold, it's always cold
And all my methods seem too damn old
I should've folded a long time ago

I came in thinking that I'd know exactly what my part is
Know all of the lines because I'd authored all the hardest
But I didn't have the will, so I don't know why I started
These empty ribs still have no room to fit a proper heart in!
So if all you want are flowers, just plant yourself a garden
DON'T RELY ON ME

Quit calling me to remind me
I have many ways to remember all those things and even now
I cling to them. It's sad
I know it's hard but I swear it gets easier
It just takes distraction and time
I can't tell if I'm undeservedly given to
Or if I'm undeservedly giving what's mine