[Intro: CiNo]
Yo, this that Week 12 Vveekly Rapz Cypher
Grand finale! We representing 305 Miami, whattup!?

[Verse 1: GoodFella MC]
One-one-one-two, CiNo throw the loop, you decipher
Why your bitch ignoring you? She must've read Good in the cypher
Now um, should I entice her? Slicker tongue than a dyke slut
Something like Vause and Stella whenever she want that nice fuck
Deuces leave your eyes shut when righteous wanna thug it out
Fellas say they hella better prefer to hug it out
Like Mayweather, nah nigga, I chase cheddar
Like fat men chase burgers working out
Launching out hooks on hooks like Pacquiao!
Lone wolf on the prowl! Four feet on the ground
Both heads to the sky, the culprit to the crimes
Whenever I combine the snare and rhyme, bet I fear none
Persevere from swisher sweets to suites that's presidential
Eating canned lentils, spam-crashing in guest rooms
How many instrumentals shall I smash for the Freshman issue
Huh? XXL? I've rumbled through hell
So tell me then, is you or is you not
Aware I could kick it like Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
Euphoria with dreams to be deemed notorious
You battle him, your family be mourning ya
Bring the coroner, nigga, if a king could fall to a team of Warriors
Me and my team for the C.R.E.A.M
Outscoring ya, outperforming ya
Go 'head, man

[Verse 2: Cable Wraps]
Cable Wraps, look, check it
If this my one opportunity, they've unleashed a mutiny
A power cypher, no writtens, of this I speak truthfully
I've acquired immunity in every battlefield
Active and unloading venomous thoughts never concealed
I display attributes of inhumanity
Ravage with tyrannical justifications
Bare witness this apogee
I have no apathy for any essence
I welcome my presence
As I rush your crib like a Jehovah's Witness
My consistency is pushed beyond a limit
Intangible benefits souls unaffected by scrimmage
Precise counterbalance to systems of weak traditions
I don't transition, this triumphant beast's on a mission
It's funny how many times I tried to pave a way
Impress everyone, but they seemed to push me away
From Jesus to the devil, who's next to close my gates?
I'm starting to think they scared
Of this verbal nightmare!

[Verse 3: Scoobyboyk]
It's Scoobyboy, I'm the fucking man
You can't stop that 30 in the fucking half
Find me underground with the dogs, you can't run this man
Leave a nigga stupid, underground, bet I cook that man
I been beast, endless sick boy, bet you knew me, man
Try to run amok, that nigga Sprite on the cam
You don't even know Sprite to the man
Fork game whip heavy, you can't life to the man
Bring a gun to the fight, leave that nigga dead, mic in my hand
Verbal wordplay, leave a bitch wet in my hand
You don't even got to swim with my squad
Need a war? 305 till I die
I can breathe to the sky
Scoobyboy, I'm on that drive-mode
Leave a nigga sleep with my eyes closed
Cut a bitch neck with my eyes open
You don't need to know my mode, the way I do it
I drive in the book store like "We no stupid"
Leave a nigga uzi-mode like you don't do me
And don't ever try to do me, you know Scooby
I'm so dope, man
And I been tryna hold your bitch, but your bitch on the pole, man
And you don't even know the dope man
Pass that shit to my nigga LMS on the low, man

[Verse 4: LMS]
LMS baby, for the love of the 305
Art Of War, lets go!
Welcome to the bottom of the bottom of the map
A place where you don't ever want a problem on the map
A place where the whole entire race can retrace the history
To drug dealing and murder and say it ain't shit to me
You see those tall buildings? Well, let me get at 'em
We get high, the body count rises and that's why we have 'em
High-rises built by low-lives, no dice
This isn't a gamble, it's your life, no price
It's too big to figure, niggas will deliver murder
For the cheese, they'll catch up and get to bakin', no hamburger
It's not a city that's prettier that your man heard of
It's not hell, but you can see it from here and avert it
If the picture is perfect, perfection it never was
If perfection is the opposite, fuck it, forget it cuz
Perfection's an illusion of the gifted
You're not in Kansas anymore, regardless if you wish it
Nigga, welcome to the boondocks!

[Verse 5: CiNo]
Yo, we just came here to represent
For Miami, FL's lyrical residents
So fuck the IRS and they police regiment
Your dogs can't sniff me if I never left a cent
Evidently it's spaz time, fuck it, it's past time
Cuz last time I spat rhymes, rappers just flatlined
That's fine, if you wack, then find a new pastime
Play your shit, I pause it, like you said a fag line
I'll whip you for talking about whips, I crashed mine
2 times, totaled, and I'm still without a scratch, fine
Think about all the fucking times I nearly died
Could've drowned in the ocean back when I was merely 5
Could've fell off that Mayan temple, climbing near the side
But God has a plan for me, I'm still here alive
Now I'm writing for cyphers, Rap's like riding a bike, it's-
-All about practice, I got the right to be righteous
But I'm a sinner like any, pass it, I'll finish the Henny
Don't judge me, I smoke weed to get that energy ready
The way my lines interlock together leave you dead amazed
They tried to lock me up for lighting trees in the Everglades
Someone tried to convince me that these are the better days
But it can only get so good till the end of days
So I found the dopest spitters and I brought 'em out
With they strongest rounds, Down South Slaughterhouse
Watch your mouth when you talk about that Crooked flow
That snub nose'll pick you if you green, that's a booger joke
So whenever we bust a flow, they get shook and cold
We the Salt Jacket Squad, nigga, we don't sugarcoat!
We good to go, book a show, homie what you looking for?
Fuck a foe, how I beat you with tools, I'm such a pro
You wanna fucking blow? Bitch, hug C4
I got veins made of gold, you just hit the mother lode!
CiNo!