["Rugrats" theme song]

["Hey Arnold!" theme song]

["Little Bill" theme song]

[Prelude: DJ Chris Cross]
The nigga just started foo, last summer. Dropped a project. And off your first project you fucking trend on Twitter. No paid promotion. Aye mane, no paid promotion. None of that shit. I don't give a fuck, bruh. I don't give a fuck how many motherfuckers tweet it. Once you trend... A motherfucker listening to whatever you create, bruh. The perception of sound, foo, is so vast to now bro, to where nigga... That shit impact motherfuckers. Niggas hear something that you make and be like "Damn how this nigga create this? I'm thinking about the same shit in my mind like 'okay'... I feel this nigga and what he going through, I'm going through the same shit. Same age, so shit..."
It's all that. Niggas listen to music and take that shit and go through a personal encounter foo, and can't everybody do that shit

[Verse 1: Jai Musiq]
Here he goes again
The Whitehaven hopeful, so young but oh so soulful
Guess I got it from Miss Janice from the M-I-crooked letter, or Miss Savannah looking down from Heaven
I hope I make you proud
Hope when I say my prayers you hear em loud cause I know God be busy and I need you more now than ever Mrs. McDaniel
Never met ya husband but I got his name, Alexander
I feel his strength in my genes
And God was the sewing machine
So he cut the patterns and sewed the seams so you can't bust em you can't cuff em, all you can do is love me and my team
You see, I  got dreams
I'm talking... Hundreds, thousands, millions of dollars in schemes
Good Vibes Only, the new regime
Chasing after the success with a full head of steam
I got a Grammy to get for granny
Got paper to get for my family
Feeling every bit of the pressure
So I'm just trying to keep my sanity
It's like I been grinding all the time that I never have the time
To just sit back and clear my mind
Niggas think I'm tired cause I'm always sleeping
When it's just a mechanism to keep my mind from thinking thoughts of me stopping my heart from beating
I been down but never defeated
Often mistreated but never depleted of my faith God to lead me to my blessings so that I can receive em
I keep telling myself I got it, I just gotta believe him
Don't wake me up, sincerely signed the Dolan Drive Dreamer

[Outro: Friends]
*trying to wake Jai up*