[Intro:]
What's up y'all? Today's Vveekly Rapz is gonna be a little different. I want to dedicate it to all the things that are going on in the world. I don't think it's all going the right way, so I got to express my thoughts. So, here it goes. Hear me out

[Verse 1:]
All I ever wanted was the best for my people
Telling you the truth to reject all the evil
The 6 side tryna reach into your kid's minds
So in the future they can really set the upheaval
But that's what happens when I'm honest with you?
When I point out something that is wrong in this zoo?
If you don't believe in God, yet honor the Lu
Then, uh, quite frankly, the problem's with you
I ain't gon' say who you should believe in
I chose my way and you choose your legion
Don't call me propaganda when you type improper grammar
Looking for truth on TV, still tryna find a channel
Give me my space, you got the brain of a sadist
If you said it's okay to let satanists play with
Little kids in schools, teaching them their ways and shit
That's some amazin' shit, oops, I mean Mason shit!

[Intermission:]
Yo, Orange County just passed a law to let the satanic church in public schools, teaching the kids all these satanic rituals step-by-step in pamphlets. And people are thinking it's okay? Well, I don't think so

[Verse 2:]
What is lyrical murder? Is it flipping some words
In ways that you never heard 'em?
Or is it writing to enlighten on a spiritual journey?
You can wait for miracles or be the miracle, you're the
Answer to your own question, look no further
Your body's a temple the Good Book told, word to
Moms, homie, I be dropping bombs only
When I know the time's for me, this system can't console me
They tried to hold me back, I pushed my way through
Mama told me that I must remain true
How can I watch these cops drawing they Glocks
On little kids at pool parties? Honest to God!
We getting tired of this mess and this corrupt government
There's racists in the system still sho' nuff lovin' it
Like the Golden Arches slogan, pay attention to details
Next Friday's the Cypher, get ready for Week 12

[Verse 3:]
It's time, if you don't come to face it
Then you ain't gon' get the gravity of the situation
What's happening in this nation is bad is infiltrating
The path to give to Satan, I'm mad never complacent
Never switch sides, I'm pissed off, you disguised
You'll get popped to the skies, if shit pops then fists fly
You can best believe I'll expose all his lies
Neck-choke, you fish-fried, now describe your death live!