[Produced by Carlos "6 July" Broady and Nashiem Myrick]

[Intro]
The Commission:
Uncle Paulie, P. Diddy, Caesar Leo DeGenero (yeahhh)
Charli Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shady, Frank Baby
We here (do you know what beef is?)
We ain't goin nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh

[Verse 1]
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G
I put my ki - you put your ki in, money we'll be seein'
Will reach the fuckin' ceiling, check-check it
My Calico been cocked (uh huh), this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop-top-notch, playa-hating gon' stop (uhh)
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
Like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
Your jewelry? You can keep it, that be our little secret
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin' kidnap kids (uhh)
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (oooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what)
Fuck that "beef" shit, that shit is played out (played out)
Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the Gat to me, now check this

[Hook]
What's beef? Beef is when you need 2 Gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU

[Verse 2]
I done smoked with the best of em
Shot at the rest of em
Was about a hundred or more...maybe less of em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
Wilin' on you, just be stylin' on you
When I, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits you on the fucking bench
Pardon my French but, uh, sometimes I get kind of
Peeved at these weak MC's with the
Supreme ballerlike lyrics. I call em like I see em, G
Y'all niggas sound like me
Y'all was grimy in the early 90s, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me, number one with the "booyaka"
Give me the Remy and the chronic, ain't no telling what I do to ya
It's obvious the game's new to ya
Take them ends you make
And spend em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with ya

[Hook]
What's beef? Beef is when you need 2 Gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU

[Verse 3]
There'll be nothin' but smooth sailing
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing
All I got is heat and tough talk for you
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use
Man, listen, straight torture
Look what that slick shit bought ya
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher
Watch me set it off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold: your soul's risen
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad
I was havin' fun