[Intro: Busta Rhymes and Method Man]
Aiyo, Tical? (What up, fam?)
You know Busta-Bust had to come see you, God, it's good to see you God
(Good too see you too, God)
Let's take the streets for a little ride (Okay, we ridin high)
Yeah, you better light your L, smoke your L and just (kiss the sky)
Huh! And if you ever disrespect the Bust or Meth (bye dead man die)
Yeah, I-I-I think the streets been lookin' for this one for a long time
(Yeah, aiyo) Come on!

[Verse 1: Method Man]
I came to bring the pain, more hard to the brain
(Tical), I'm busting that ass again
I burn like acid rain, that ass is lame
These niggas tryna see how I come? ask your dame
Ain't it evident I'm hittin' it? (yes!) Meth for President
Be in hell with gasoline drawers just for the hell of it
And I ain't delicate, flows hot as kettle get
Now if you ain't fucking with that, you must be celibate
Spaz, just a little, got a sack we can sizzle
Little hash in the middle, where it at? In the middle, yup
Mommy if you got a fat ass, make it jiggle yup
Put it in my next video shot by Little X
And M-E-F gon' work til their ain't any left
I'm trying to get what I'm worth and not a penny less
Think fast, (come on!) bank cash (come on!)
Everybody do it with you stank ass (come on!)

[Hook: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
Make you rob somebody (what!) grab somebody (what!)
Stomp somebody (what!), slap somebody (what!)
Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (what!)
Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (what!)
Brooklyn (come on!), Shaolin (come on!)
Queensbridge down to Long Island (come on!)
Bronx nigga (come on!), Manhattan (come on!)
To each and every hood what's happening (come on!)

[Interlude: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
Yeah, let 'em talk, nigga, come on Bust
Aiyo, Meth, let me get at these niggas
Yeah

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Now watch me back your shit up
I hope your people pull up and pick up and pack your shit up
Homey it's time to move
While I'm seeing right through you let me relieve you all of your
Figures seating screeching, never believing you niggas (come on)
Go head and babble you can watch me patiently waiting
Aiming, attacking, instead I'ma let one of my bitches slap you
I invite you and your niggas to try and feel the wrath
Of the unruly unawakening of a sleeping giant
(Very defiant) Once I give you the pressure and then I apply it
And then your breathin' is stopped and totally quiet
Captain of this ship so call me the pilot
I leave you and your crew to collide with me then I
Stomp on a nigga, just like a herd of a thousand cattle
That'll travel over your face and frazzle your shit
Chop you worse than a brick and then we torture you
And then get the reverend, and get to steppin, nigga

[Hook: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
This shit'll make you rob somebody (what!) grab somebody (what!)
Stomp somebody (what!), slap somebody (what!)
Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (what!)
Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (what!)
Brooklyn (come on!) , Shaolin (come on!)
Queensbridge down to Long Island (come on!)
Bronx nigga (come on!), Manhattan (come on!)
To each and every hood what's happening (come on!)

[Interlude: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
Haha, that's the truth, my nigga
Nigga, listen, listen, let me talk
Let me talk

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes and Method Man]
Can't you see what I got for you now
Shake your big fat ass in front of me now
To all my high bidders, to all my live niggas
We here to blackout, follow the story now
Just feel my heat, and you know I'm gonna
Just keep the street, but nigga did you
Know when you 'bout to lose it, my nigga
And you know we gon' get real stupid, my nigga

[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
See the police coming, fireman coming
Street niggas ready to riot and start dumbing
I love to see it whenever you and your man fronting
Me and Meth'll step to you quick and smash something

[Verse 5: Method Man]
Now who is he? Dope MC killing these cowards
Wack niggas get pimp slapped, give me some powder
Click-clack, one in your back, now think about it
Get back, running your yap I can't allow it

[Verse 6: Busta Rhymes]
Well yeah my nigga you know we seeing it through God
The streets be needing niggas like me and you God (ey-yo)
I think what I'm seeing from here we got 'em wilding yo
Logical, we should've did this shit a long time ago

[Verse 7: Method Man]
I got that shit that make rappers shit in they shoes
Nasty MC, I spit flows and spit in they food
Man don't tempt me, I'm nothing like a curious child
I'm simply a Boy in the Hood with Furious Styles

[Hook: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
This shit'll make you rob somebody (what!) grab somebody (what!)
Stomp somebody (what!), slap somebody
(what!)
Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (what!)
Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (what!)
Brooklyn (come on!) , Shaolin (come on!)
Queensbridge down to Long Island (come on!)
Bronx nigga (come on!), Manhattan (come on!)
To each and every hood what's happening
(come on!)

[Outro: Method Man and Busta Rhymes]
Every day, every rotation, come with it
Let me talk... come on, hah
Ey-yo God, yeah, lord
Flipmode, Wu-Tang, nigga, ain't that some shit
That's some shit, actually truthfully, Busta Bust! Meth Tical
Yeah, yeah, let me know when you wanna do that again, God
Shit we can do it right now
Shout out to New Jersey, hahaha, yeah