K-1 Productions
I know what they want from me (Ey I know what you want from me now)
I know what they want from me (I know what type of music you want me - to give them)
I know what they want from me...

Yo, they want the old stylie
Old school Wiley, Rinse FM days tune in with the [?]
Spraying up there airwaves proudly
MC's going on rowdy, had a blue Audi
Came to the station MC's around me
All spittin bars and it coulda got cloudy
Thats why MC's give up and say they've had enough of the game
Cos they all start drowning
Manna lost, can't help frowning
I go on a holiday and I bring another town in
Met two already then I met another brown in
Six years back I brought the sound in
Living in the London maze and I was hounded around
In the London days I got London ways I get around 'em
Gyal dem are howling my name out loudly, haters doubt 'em
Don't care if a man don't wanna respect em on the TV and never shout 'em
Can't tolerate anybody clowning on the next outing, I will out him
It's not a pouting rude boy its an outing now bring who you wanna bring I will out him
You will out win who?
The loudest crew of Stryder, me and Dizzee are the proudest too!

I know what they want from me (I know what they want from me)
Ey you think I don't know? (I said I know what they want from me)
I know what you from me people (I know what they want from me)
Come to king of Grime

What do they want they want new bars for the iPod, PC, Laptop & G5 at the same time
All wanna be like get a little vibe had it first didn't like it
In a week's time it's about time I put a CD out that's gonna pay me a lot of money in life
Gimme five mics I will blind everybody's eyesight with the last five rhymes I write in my life time
Like grime, leak off your head like white wine
You ain't gotta ask me why I run the game
Had to train like the dark night, park right in a batcave, what a smart ride
I'll be happy just living a half life
I'm gonna be a musician in my past life
This scar on my face is the last knife to touch me
Bro, it weren't even half right!

I know, what you want from me! (I know what they want from me)
I know! (I said, I know what they want from me)
I'm doing it now (I said, I know what they want from me)
I know, what you want from me

What do they want they want a lyrical combat
And I'm on that
Do a song for me I'll do a song back
I'm much better when I ain't in a contract
I'm doing what I want and any song that I say goes on the album
No A&R can't stop that
It's not their CD, when you see my new CD, cop that
Go home tell everybody you got that
The Elusive album is a good one
Commercial, but I kept it a hood one
A lot of work in a short space of time
Careers end, there 'bout a showcase of grime
Not there yet I know I should come through
In 2-10 here I go for the 17th time
(Tell me what they want from me)
What do they want - they want grime!

I know, what you want from me! (I know what they want from me)
Ey, people, I know! (I said, I know what they want from me)
K-1 Productions (I said, I know what they want from me)