Funk !
Where rhythm is life and life is rhythm man!
Here the tropically sensuous beat makes you wanna do things most self respecting people could be arrested for
It's not uncommon to find yourself thrown and caught into the wind, and yourself to the blow
The heat and excitement is some of reminiscing of a Calcutta sauna
Here today, groove away
Feel the beat, it's so neat
Hit the town, and party down
Where it's at  laid back
What's goin' on brother (no doubt a hectical life)
Love one and all (hmhm)
One nation under a groove (under what?)
This is some of the linguafranka.. of the funk business
And people come from miles around
With almost religious devotion to get on down

The wikka wrap is what it is, gotta get into views
The wikka wrap is what it is, just gotta get into views

As you can see it's all too easy to get wrapped up into the ... ... of the sounds
The hand claps and the bass throby rot rotten and the piano tinkles inviting lay like like so much crushed ice into a dry martini
Utterly far out, man
It don't matter if the lyrics don't scam
You bad motherf.. (shut your mouth !)
They may say, but you know, the right one
Strut your stuff, take the smooth, with the groove
Get on down, yes party down
Get laid back with your bad self one time

The wikka wrap is what it is, gotta get into views
The wikka wrap is what it is, just gotta get into views

In the last few years, funk has become an industry
And one thing's for sure, this industry is full of funk
So as they say here, everybody say wooo ! I said wooo, thank you
So fundamentally it's a question of moving your wheels making your deals
You know how good it feels
Walk low, proud and tall, cause the writing's off the wall
Shake your booty, do it all, have yourself a good time
Good times, we all have good times, leave your cares behind
1, 2, 3, 4 get your woman on the floor
You've gotta get up to get down, so really go to town
Don't stop til you get enough, wanna rock with you and shake your stuff
Boogie nights where it's all right, ring my bell it's out of sight

Shut your mouth
Strut your stuff
Take the smooth
With the groove
Get on down
Party down

The wikka wrap is what it is
Trying to get into views
The wikka wrap is what it is
Just trying to get into views

Hello
Shit
Get the funk out of the face

Some day you have it
A society within a society, a world within a world
Where words are the music of life and life is the music of words
And where the southern freeze is not a cold day in ...
This is a place where good roots don't grow on trees
Love it, hate it but you can't ignore it
Here good is bad and bad is about as good as you can possibly get