[Hook: Shalonda]
As I look out the window, ain't no telling what I'll see
As I look out the window, what does this world have for me?
As I look out the window, will I see the sun shine?
As I look out the window, will I see the clouds in the sky?

[Verse 1: Omen]
Witness the transition from a man to a king
Nothing's been given to me, I've earned everything
I deserve much more
This what I worked for
Wasn't settling for no 9 - 5 work force
And it's a damn shame you think that I don't see your campaign
Man, I don't owe y'all a damn thing
Some of 'em mad cause I don't hang on the same corners
I got friends that can't wait to say I changed on 'em
Time is money and you steady tryna keep me in debt
Acting like a Nike sponsor, try to keep me in check
Name the best of the best, and I'm better than that
I'm the answers to the questions that have never been asked
You can love me like your favorite, you can hate me like a Laker
Long as you know I am a genius, you should call me Amadeus
Mixed with some Ossie Davis, lyrically, I'm a savior
Made in God's image, so you can call me the greatest
Disrespected, neglected
All in my faith been tested
Never thought like a victim, I take my losses as lessons
Hated all of my bosses, aggravated my teachers
Cause they saw my potential but knew I would never reach it
Man, I hated school, I picked my major, but that ain't make me no major moves
And everyday was like a living hell, but still I made it
Graduated and I live to tell, I look out the window and wonder will I win or fail?

[Hook: Shalonda]
As I look out the window, ain't no telling what I'll see
As I look out the window, what does this world have for me?
As I look out the window, will I see the sun shine?
As I look out the window, will I see the clouds in the sky?

[Verse 2: Omen]
All of my friends moved away, I'm left alone
Wondering who's here, my college years made me lose hair
Was planning to move to New York, but I was too scared
Was tired of telling my family just "give me two years"
Cause two years turned to five, and five turned to ten
And pride wouldn't let me see depression setting in
Lock yourself in a room doing five beats a day for seven summers
Man, it's something you can never stomach
Bloggers coming at me, acting like they know the way
Disrespect me, and say that I'm just my friend's protégé
Like I ain't been working for years on my own, writing rhymes
Doing songs making beats all at home by my lonesome
My time is now, that's irrelevant
How could somebody named Omen be so heaven sent?
Window of opportunity was always draped and sheered
The story of the man that forever perserveres

[Hook: Shalonda]
As I look out, as I look out, ain't no telling what I'll see
As I look out, as I look out, what else is put out for me?
As I look out, will I see the sun shine?
As I look out my window, will I see the clouds in the sky?
From the outside looking in, nothing is as it seems
I wake up everyday at five for my dreams
I dare you to walk a while in my shoes to see what I've endured
This is a song for creators, the lovers, the painters, the dreamers, the crafters, the masters, and makers
Never wanted anything more, never wanted anything more
Never wanted anything more, never wanted anything more
Never wanted anything more