Intro:
For everyone that ever underestimated me
You got one more chance to hop on the Alan Z bandwagon
Before it's too late

Verse 1:
Everybody wanna be famous
But they ain't grinding like me tho
Ima always be a Savage Native
Everyday is Friday, and I'm Debo
I'm taking your chain, your bike and the game over
It's game over, what's lit to a flamethrower?
Ain't nobody spitting fire like me
Turn around, sing to girls, make'em cry from their V
To the A to the G, Mr. A to the Z
I'ma show you how I run the A, follow me
Ladies tryna get with me, they stay on their knees
Til I flip them over, now they taking the D
Like OH! Quagmire to hoes
I'm the son of Rap God, baptize ya with flows
You can either admire my goals
Or you can be target practice when I aim that, fire, reload
Try me, you'll meet your fate
I intend to be the biggest artist doing it
Buy my family a mansion with a pool in it
Record breaking, making girls cum in two minutes
Eminem mixed with Keni Styles, my new image
Ignoring models like "Baby you called?"
Cuz the average girl I fuck resemble Lacey Duvalle
From Atlanta to Jamaica, ladies taking it off
And from London to the Philippines
I'm breaking them off...Alan Z!
Say my name girl, Once I hit it
Your body won't feel the same girl
Marshall Q that's my AKA
Man I swear you haters as bad as the KKK
For my downfall's only time and day they pray
But women fighting to be mine when I say "Bae Bae"

Chorus
Everything I do, everything I do, girl
It's worldwide baby worldwide (2x)
Worldwide (worldwide, worldwide)
Worldwide, worldwide
Ima stay repping Savage Native
Worldwide, Worldwide
Everybody say Savage Native
Worldwide, worldwide
You want it, I got it, real recognize real
Fuck how you feel, worldwide, worldwide

Verse 2:
I'm not a cover artist
Say it one more time, it'll be your bloody carcass
No skinny jeans, that's them other artists
I don't need to fit in cuz I'm blowing up regardless
If you a hater, why you talking all that shit for?
Cuz if I asked I could make your wife strip slow?
Dr. Pepper while she twerking on her tip toes
I can make you see L's (CLs) better dip low (Diplo)
I could make her leave you
Somebody better? That's absurd to me
Unless you Marshall Mathers, your name ain't got worth to me
I can take your song just like I can take your bitch
Freak it better
Just to show that you never deserve the beat
Remix it, man I be the sickest
Lyricist, ramming every mistress
Gifted, expand it into us ones
She addicted, DAMN look what my dick did!
No Netflix and chill needed
Cuz she got on nothing but heels
And she know the deal
She say I'm the singer with most sex appeal
Worldwide girl I know I'm in demand
Supplying the D, I'm the Pusherman
B-I double G-I, E, hypnotize ya
Knew I would turn you out soon as I shook your hand
Marshall Q that's my AKA
Man I swear you critics as bad as the KKK
For my downfall's only time and day they pray
Women fighting to be mine when I say Bae Bae
No one can make you cum like I can, girl
I done made a name for myself in this white man's world
How you criticizing me when you're like 63?
My success is gonna make you wish you six feet deep (bitch!)

Chorus:
Everything I do, everything I do, girl
It's worldwide baby worldwide (2x)
Worldwide (worldwide, worldwide)
Worldwide, worldwide
Ima stay repping Savage Native
Worldwide, Worldwide
Everybody say Savage Native
Worldwide, worldwide
You want it, I got it, real recognize real
Fuck how you feel, worldwide, worldwide

Outro:
The world is mine! (Alan Z, bitch)
The world is mine! (Alan Z, ho)
The world is mine! (The world is mine)
The world is mine! *rapper laugh*
Savage...NATIVE