[Verse 1]
We're in the time where many doors are too hard to enter in
And many people really ain't worth the mentionin'
Thugs me hugs and plus a little gentle friend
Or the mentals if I wile I get attention then
Do my drama from court to case
While others turn they back I turn my hate to faith
That's why I'm here, boo boo's, any place or date
If there's tear in my eyes you come to dry my face
Now thats deep, y'all turned from my fans to my friends
After the past, I didn't think I could stand it again
On the streets, me and Miny wonderin' shall I kill
I do for all, when will someone ask me how I feel?
Ladies, if you're down and my pics on you're wall
Just pop in this song and I won't let you fall
To all my ladies, got your letters and I love you to death
Now I appreciate the breath that the dear Lord left

[Chorus w/ Coffee Brown]
Why do I stand for my fame and put it down for my peeps?
(Ooh, I like it)
Because they would've done the same for me
Why do I see my women fallin' down and put 'em back on they feet?
Because they would've done the same for me
Why do I put it down for the streets and my R.I.P's?
(Ooh, and I like it)
Because they woulda done the same for me
Why do I embrace the face that sets the mob free?
Because they would've done the same for me

[Verse 2]
With the kindness of people and most don't even know
Cause this wilderness wasn't designed to see us grow
My thugs through the years who've always been true
Just know I take the bullet for you
Life ain't livin' without givin', worth fryin' for lyin'
Ain't jack for free, but I'm supplyin' if you're tryin'
Have friends before the Benz, respect before a Lexus
Mamas gave us life, but brothas have to protect us
Some wonder why I still got love
Why I still live in the hood and why I still share grub?
Why I play with the kids, lose money on clubs?
To keep my people off the streets and away from the slugs
Sometimes rats run traps while our sista's get named
Sometimes bitches do thangs and our queens get blamed
But I'm puttin' things on blast for my women and G's
Cause you would've done the same for me

[Chorus w/ Coffee Brown]

[Verse 3]
Where's my ladies who support and who understand when
Yeah I'm tired but I still gotta visit the pen
I appreciate you love the love I show them
Woulda want the same thing if I had to go in
Lost the love of my life over stress and strife
If I couldn't care for me, I couldn't care for a wife
So I looked at the Lord and what He said was right
"There's obstacles but everything's gonna be alright"
If you feelin' what I'm feelin, lay back and give me love
So when you see me on the streets or clubs give me hug
To understand unity you have to understand we
You and I, you and them, them and me, see
Y'all did for me, now I'll bow for the royalty
Just to know y'all is the love the loyalty
Behind every strong man there's a strong lady with 'em
Behind me I seem to have a whole nation of women

[Chorus w/ Coffee Brown]
Why do I shout out all my women and adore my queens?
(Ooh, I like it)
Because they would've done the same for me
Why do I destroy anything that stops my team's dreams?
'Because they would've done the same for me
Why do I see my people is and tell 'em what I see to be?
(Ooh, and I like it)
Because they would've done the same for me
Why do I embrace the face that sets the mob free?
Because they would've done the same for me

(Ooh, I like it)
(Ooh, and I like it)